1
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/04/01/us-usa-people-getty-idUSKBN0MS50K20150401
Getty oil heir's death seen as likely accidental or natural
Wed Apr 1, 2015 1:51pm EDT
  LOS ANGELES Andrew Getty, the grandson of billionaire oil tycoon J. Paul Getty, died from what appears to have been accidental or natural causes, but an autopsy is not expected to be performed before Thursday, according to the Los Angeles County coroner's office.The 47-year-old heir to the Getty oil fortune was found dead on Tuesday afternoon at his Hollywood Hills home, his parents said in a statement in which they asked for privacy for the family. Police said there was no immediate sign of foul play."At first glance, it does not appear to be a criminal type of act. But that could change," Los Angeles Police Department spokesman Commander Andrew Smith said on Tuesday night.He said the investigation was in its early stages and that witnesses were being questioned, though no one had been taken into custody. The medical examiner assigned to the case was expected to begin her investigation on Wednesday afternoon, and an autopsy would be performed on Getty's body on Thursday at the earliest, the coroner's watch commander, Mario Sainz, told Reuters.Los Angeles County Coroner's Office spokesman Ed Winter told reporters at a Tuesday news conference that Getty's death appeared to have been from either accidental or natural causes."He had some medication that we recovered and don't know if he had taken the medication or what his medical history is," Winter said. "We do have a doctor's name that we're also going to follow up." Celebrity news website TMZ.com reported on Tuesday Getty was found on a bathroom floor, apparently by a former girlfriend, and that she had been detained by police as a potential witness or suspect. Andrew Getty had sought a restraining order against a woman two weeks earlier, The Los Angeles Times said.TMZ on Wednesday cited unnamed law enforcement sources in reporting that Getty had been suffering severe gastrointestinal problems and had an appointment to see a doctor on Wednesday. Andrew Getty was said to be a horror film buff and was in the process of making such a movie, with props found strewn around parts of his home, according to TMZ.J. Paul Getty died in 1976. He was one of America's richest people. (Additional reporting by Dan Whitcomb in Los Angeles and Curtis Skinner in San Francisco)
None
2
http://www.reuters.com/article/2010/04/12/us-china-economy-railways-analysis-idUSTRE63B35A20100412
China banks on rail boom to fire inland growth
Mon Apr 12, 2010 10:06am EDT
  BEIJING In southwestern Yunnan province, giant concrete pillars bestride the fields, tracing the route of one of scores of new rail lines that China is building.In western Xinjiang, construction crews toil on a lonely line crossing the desert wastes to the Silk Road city of Kashgar.From one end of the country to the other, China is in the midst of a railway boom that promises to transform the world's third-largest economy.By making it easier to move people and goods, the railway mania will gradually shift the center of economic gravity inland, accelerating the development of central and western China in an echo of America's experience in the 19th century.Jing Ulrich, chairman of China equities and commodities at J.P. Morgan, also sees comparisons with the construction of the U.S. interstate highway system and Japan's Shinkansen high-speed rail network. Both wrought far-reaching socio-economic changes."However, due to the immense scale of construction, faster service speeds and China's vast population, the transformative impact may be even more profound," she said in a recent report.As better transport links encourage manufacturers to relocate away from the coast, demand for property in the interior will grow, lifting consumer sentiment and retail sales. The railways will also be a boon for tourism, Ulrich said.BIG BUDGETTaking freight and passenger traffic together, China already has the world's busiest railway. But measured by the size of the country and the needs of its 1.3 billion population, it is puny.The density of the network, measured by kilometers of line per million inhabitants, is less than a tenth of that of Russia, the United States or Canada, a seventh of the European Union's and about a third of Japan's, according to the World Bank.This sparse network, totaling 86,000 km at the end of 2009, is so overburdened that it carries a quarter of the world's railway traffic on about 6 percent of the world's lines. It is no wonder that China suffers periodic energy shortages because coal trains are delayed in reaching power stations as they are shunted into sidings to make way for passenger trains.Well aware of the problem, the government turned the financial crisis into an opportunity to fast-forward its long-term plan to lengthen the network to 120,000 km by 2020.Giving the economy a shot in the arm, railway construction created about six million jobs last year, generating demand for 20 million metric tons of steel and 120 million metric tons of cement."If the policy is that large cash infusions create jobs, then from a transport perspective railways is certainly the place where the financing is necessary," said John Scales, the lead transport policy specialist for the World Bank in Beijing.GIANT STRIDESBy the end of 2009, work was under way on no less than 33,000 km of lines, according to analysts at Macquarie. With the Ministry of Railways budgeting a 17 percent increase in spending this year to 823 billion yuan ($120 billion), they believe the 120,000 km target could be reached as soon as 2015 and see a good chance it will be raised to 150,000 km.The economic case for expanding the rail network is clear-cut. During a country's development phase, total demand for transport tends to grow faster than per capita income.But some critics say China is putting too much emphasis on high-speed rail lines capable of accommodating speeds of up to 350 km an hour.China already has the longest operational high-speed network in the world, at 6,552 km, and intends to double that to 13,000 km by 2012 by upgrading existing track and building new lines.When the line linking Beijing and Shanghai opens by early 2012, the journey time will be cut to four hours from 10.China is rightly proud of the giant strides it is making. It is offering to build a high-speed rail line in California and is bidding for a contract to link Mecca and Medina in Saudi Arabia. At home, the aim is to reduce if possible the travel time to each provincial capital from second-tier towns in that province to two hours or less, bringing economic convergence in its wake.SOCIAL STRAINSYet Zhao Jian, a professor at Jiaotong University in Beijing who specialized in rail economics, is scathing of the "blind pursuit of speed". He says China could have built an extra 30,000 km of conventional track with the money saved from "extravagant" high-speed lines.China, he argues, does not have the technological experience to be sure of operating such lines safely. Moreover, high-speed trains gobble energy and subsidies."There is no high-speed railway in the world that can be financially self-sustaining. The large-scale construction of high-speed railways passenger lines in China will definitely be confronted with huge risks," Zhao told the monthly Chinese-language journal Comprehensive Transportation.High-speed rail travel could even pose social and political risks, he added, since fares on the new trains are three times higher than on ordinary trains. What's more, the Ministry of Railways is deliberately reducing the frequency of slower trains to force passengers to use the new services."This will be met with strong social discontent," Zhao said.Scales, the World Bank expert, sees things differently."In other parts of the world nobody would think of designing new passenger lines for less than 350 km/h. So it's very reasonable," he said."And remember that many of the dedicated passenger lines are not built to move passengers, but to get passengers off the freight lines. That's where the real bottlenecks are," he added.(Editing by Mathew Veedon)
Mathew Veedon
3
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/01/07/us-olympics-russia-security-idUSBREA0606V20140107
Russia imposes security clampdown in Sochi before Olympics
Tue Jan 7, 2014 12:42pm EST
  SOCHI Russian forces went on combat alert in Sochi and tightened restrictions on access to the Black Sea resort on Tuesday, exactly one month before the start of the Winter Olympic Games.Aware that the success or failure of the Sochi Games will help shape his legacy, President Vladimir Putin has increased security across Russia following two suicide bomb attacks in the southern city of Volgograd which killed 34 people.Moscow's most wanted man, the Chechen insurgent leader Doku Umarov, has urged militants who want to carve an Islamic state in Russia's North Caucasus region to use "maximum force" to prevent the Games going ahead.Police began to impose long-planned restrictions that will heavily curtail entry into Sochi and limit the movements of its residents, who had mixed feelings about the clampdown."The resort is turning into a sort of concentration camp. Naturally this will deliver a serious blow to tourism and the huge number of people at the Olympics," said Alexander Valov, a Sochi resident and blogger."When the town is in such a state of siege I don't think it will be comfortable here."But other residents and foreign visitors on the streets of Sochi told Reuters they welcomed the beefed-up security."After what happened in Volgograd it's necessary," said Dina Kovalenko, at a kiosk selling tickets for town excursions. "There is definitely a sense we have here in Sochi that we feel good, we feel safe," said Nathan Wright, a British tourist posing with friends for photographs near the town center.Authorities have deployed an additional 30,000 police and Interior Ministry troops in the resort, bringing the total number of personnel providing security at the Games to about 37,000, according to Russian officials.RESTRICTIONSOrdered by Putin in a decree last August, the heightened security measures will stay in force until March 21. In this period the only road vehicles allowed into Sochi are those officially registered in the city or accredited for the Games or essential services. Visitors must also register with local authorities within three days or face expulsion.Movement is being even more tightly controlled in several high security zones where only those accredited for the Games will be allowed. The zones include a swathe of territory extending to Russia's southern border with Abkhazia in neighboring Georgia, some 25 miles away."The restrictions are to make the roads free and easy for spectators, athletes and members of the Olympic family to move around," a transport directorate said.Local businesses have been ordered to stock up on supplies to enable them to do without outside deliveries for a few weeks. Moscow has deployed regular troops and also anti-aircraft batteries to protect the Games from air attack. Last month Russian bloggers posted photographs of several surface-to-air missile installations within yards of the Olympic venue.The region's air force commander said squadrons of Mig and Sukhoi fighter jets are ready to repel attack from any altitude.Valov, the critical blogger, said many residents planned to leave for the duration of the Games, adding that a mass expulsion of migrant workers was also causing headaches."We're desperately short of janitors. As a result the town is looking dirtier. There's simply no one to do this," he said.More than 200 people protested on Sunday against how Moscow has run the Games so far, under the banner: "Natives of Sochi own the Games, not the visitors."But Putin, who on Saturday attended a rehearsal of the Games' opening ceremony in Sochi, has eased curbs on demonstrations, allowing groups to hold some marches and rallies at sites approved by the security services.Campaign groups, calling for everything from gay rights to political reform, had complained that a blanket ban on rallies, imposed in August as part of earlier security measures, violated the Russian constitution.(Writing by Jason Bush; Editing by Gareth Jones) nL6N0KH0MD
Jason Bush
4
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/04/28/pixiwoo-youtube-idUSnPn78kRr2%2B84%2BPRN20150428
Pixiwoo YouTube Beauty Superstars Sam And Nic Chapman Coming To Chicago
Tue Apr 28, 2015 8:03am EDT
    Pixiwoo YouTube Beauty Superstars Sam And Nic Chapman Coming To Chicago Pro makeup artist sisters spill their beauty secrets and give fans exclusive access as part of Real Techniques Road Show PR Newswire Apr. 28        WHAT:   Sam and Nic Chapman, the makeup pros behind the UK's No. 1 beauty YouTube channel, Pixiwoo, are coming to Chicago as part of a tour with their top-selling makeup brush line, Real Techniques        The sisters will host a special event to help Chicagoans achieve the hottest spring makeup looks. During the event, they will meet with followers, give personal advice, answer beauty-related questions and pose for photos. Fans are also eligible to win a special-edition prize pack by sharing photos with #RTRoadShow on Twitter and Instagram        Chicago is the first stop on the Real Techniques Road Show with additional stops planned in New York City, Los Angeles and Nashville, Tenn. throughout the year        The event will be held at Walgreens two-story flagship store located on State Street in Chicago's loop. The event is free and open to the public       WHEN:   Friday, May 1     5:00 p.m. – 7:00 p.m       WHERE:   Walgreens     151 N State St     Chicago, IL 60601     (corner of State and Randolph)       WHO:   Real Techniques makeup brushes are designed with the expertise of Sam and Nic, who together have worked countless fashion shows, editorials and celebrity shoots as professional makeup artists. Their YouTube how-to beauty channel, Pixiwoo, has 222 million video views and counting. Each brush features super-soft, hand-cut bristles and an extended aluminum ferrule for light and easy application.  A unique color-coded system corresponds to the key steps of makeup application so you can create a flawless base, enhanced eyes and the perfect finish like a pro. Exclusive online tutorials help fans reveal their inner expert and achieve flawless, high-definition results       PRESS   For more information, please contact:    CONTACT:   Amanda.Coyne@zenogroup.com     312-245-0170       MORE:   For more information, visit www.realtechniques.com/roadshow    /PRNewswire/ -- April 28, 2015/ SOURCE  Real Techniques 
None
5
http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/12/16/us-china-xinjiang-idUSBRE9BF02R20131216
Riot in China's Xinjiang kills 16, 'terror gang' blamed
Mon Dec 16, 2013 4:50am EST
  BEIJING Chinese police shot and killed 14 people during a riot near the old Silk Road city of Kashgar in which two policemen were also killed, the local government said on Monday, the latest unrest in a region that has a substantial Muslim population.China has previously called some of the violence in the far western region of Xinjiang the work of Islamist militants plotting holy war.Describing the incident which happened late on Sunday, Hua Chunying, a spokeswoman for the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, stopped short of directly blaming Islamist militants but said a "violent terror gang" attacked police with explosives."It once again showed the true face of violent terror. It should be condemned by all people who love peace and stability," she told a daily news briefing. "This conspiracy does not enjoy popular support and is doomed to failure."The regional government said police were attacked by a mob throwing explosive devices and wielding knives when they went to arrest "criminal suspects" in a village near Kashgar."Police responded decisively," the government said in a brief statement, adding that two people had been detained and that an investigation had been launched. The official Xinhua news agency said in an English-language report that "terrorists" were responsible. It did not elaborate.A police officer reached by Reuters in the county where the incident occurred, called Shufu county in Chinese, said it was "not convenient" to provide any additional information.In a similar outburst of violence, at least nine civilians and two policemen were killed when a group of people armed with axes and knives attacked a police station also near Kashgar last month, state media has said. Rights groups and exiles say police often use often heavy-handed tactics against the Muslim Uighur community, which calls Xinjiang home. Violence has broken out previously when groups of Uighurs protest at police stations, they say.China has stepped up security in Xinjiang after a vehicle ploughed into tourists on the edge of Beijing's Tiananmen Square in October, killing the three people in the car and two bystanders. China said the attack was carried out by Islamist militants, and has reacted angrily to suggestions that it was because of frustration and anger over government repression of Muslims in Xinjiang.Many of Xinjiang's Turkic-speaking, Muslim people chafe at restrictions on their culture, language and religion, although the government insists it grants them broad freedoms.Xinjiang has been the scene of numerous incidents of unrest in recent years, which the government often blames on the separatist East Turkestan Islamic Movement, even though many experts and rights groups cast doubt on its existence as a cohesive group.Many rights groups say China has long overplayed the threat posed to justify its tough controls in energy-rich Xinjiang, which lies strategically on the borders of Central Asia, India and Pakistan.(Reporting by Ben Blanchard; Additional reporting by Megha Rajagopalan; Editing by Raju Gopalakrishnan)
Ben Blanchard
6
http://www.reuters.com/article/2010/12/17/us-pakistan-china-idUSTRE6BG0KC20101217
China PM to bolster strong Pakistan ties after India
Fri Dec 17, 2010 12:45pm EST
  ISLAMABAD Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao arrived in Pakistan on Friday armed with multi-billion dollar deals to reassure its ally that military and economic ties remain tight, despite China's warming relations with India.Wen, who flew in after a two-day visit to India, signed off on trade and business deals in areas of trade, health, education, agriculture, energy and infrastructure.At a news conference following the signing ceremony on Friday evening, Pakistani Information Minister Qamar Zaman Kaira said Pakistan expected $14 billion of investment in 36 projects identified by the Economic Cooperation Group (ECG), to be completed by 2016.Another $5 billion of investment was likely in other projects, Karai said, and predicted commercial deals of $10 billion to be signed on Saturday at a Pakistan-China Business Summit.In addition to that, China would also provide $400 million in soft loans for reconstruction from August's devastating floods."Both countries will use this visit to reaffirm the partnership," said Zhang Li, a professor of international relations at the Institute of South Asian Studies of Sichuan University in southwest China. "In dealings with South Asia, China tries to strike a balance between India and Pakistan, and this visit will be to reaffirm that position."His current visit is to assure old friend Pakistan that China's improving ties with India do not come at Pakistan's expense.Wen used more than $16 billion in trade deals and promises of political support to charm India into temporarily setting aside disputes with China. Relations between nuclear-armed rivals India and Pakistan remain tense over a host of issues, and China's alliance with Pakistan irks India.Two-way trade during January-September 2010 between Pakistan and China stood at $6.2 billion, an increase of nearly 30 percent compared with the same period last year, according to official figures. The two countries aim to increase their bilateral trade to $15 billion by 2015."China still looks at Pakistan and India through the same lens," said Hamayoun Khan, an independent analyst and former China-Pakistan expert at the Institute of Strategic Studies."Whereas the U.S. considers Pakistan as part of Af-Pak and India as a separate country, which is not taken well in Pakistan."ALL-WEATHER FRIEND Pakistani diplomats like to refer to China as an "all-weather friend," whose needs -- strategic and economic -- fit in with what Pakistan wants and has to offer.While China is India's largest trade partner, it invests seven times more in Pakistan and is helping it build nuclear reactors, despite grave misgivings in the West.Zhang said that in his meetings in Pakistan, Wen might confirm that China continues to seek cooperation with Pakistan in civilian nuclear energy, but he did not think this visit would bring major announcements."The consultations and discussions over nuclear energy have been going on for some time. It's an incremental process. I think that at most, the two sides will confirm their willingness to cooperate, but nothing more than that." Pakistan has long lobbied for a civilian nuclear deal like the one negotiated between India and the United States. But on Friday, U.S. Ambassador to Pakistan Cameron Munter was not encouraging."The arrangement that we have with India was an arrangement that took many, many years and was very, very difficult," he told journalists. "We'll talk with Pakistan and we'll see how it goes. But this is not something that can develop overnight."China wants to use Pakistan as a gateway to the Muslim world and as a new Silk Road for China's energy-hungry interior, as well as a balance against India's military rise.Pakistan, in turn, plans to further rely on China for the bulk of its weapon systems, as a major investor for its ports and roads, and as a counterweight to American demands and conditions in the fight against Islamist militancy.India, of course, will loom large during the talks: both Pakistan and China want to hem in India as a rising military power."In a way they give us (Pakistan), say, annually $2 billion," said analyst Khan. "What do we do? ... We're a pain in the ass for the Indians."(Additional reporting by Augustine Anthony in Islamabad and Chris Buckley in Beijing; Writing by Miral Fahmy; Editing by Robert Birsel and Alex Richardson)(For more Reuters coverage of Pakistan, see: here)
None
7
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/04/22/pakistan-china-idUSL4N0XJ3KE20150422
Pakistani politicians decry "unfair" change to China corridor
Wed Apr 22, 2015 7:10am EDT
  QUETTA, Pakistan, April 22 Politicians in Pakistan complained on Wednesday that a plan for projects worth $46 billion to be built with Chinese funding has been unfairly changed to the disadvantage of two provinces.Chinese President Xi Jinping launched the plan in Pakistan on Monday. It involves energy and infrastructure projects linking the neighbours' economies and creating an "economic corridor" between Pakistan's Gwadar port and China's western Xinjiang region.Gwadar is on the Arabian Sea in Baluchistan, Pakistan's poorest and least populous province, where rebels have waged a separatist insurgency for decades, complaining that richer provinces unfairly exploit their mineral and gas resources.The insurgency has raised doubts about the corridor, a network of roads, railways and pipelines. To minimise the risk, government planners have shifted its route east, to bypass as much of Baluchistan as possible.Baluchistan politicians said that was unfair. "We will not accept this decision and will resist this move very strongly," provincial Minister for Planning and Development Hamid Khan Achakzai told Reuters. "It will be a big injustice."Jaffar Khan Mandokhel, a former provincial minister, said there would be a "strong reaction" to the change which would only benefit Pakistan's richest province."The change is meant to give maximum benefit to Punjab, which is already considered the privileged province," he said. The route change would also mean the proposed corridor would largely bypass the northwestern province of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa.Opposition politician Imran Khan, whose party rules the province, also condemned any route change as an injustice to the people of both Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and Baluchistan. The complaints highlight the political risks for a plan China sees as a key part of its aim to forge "Silk Road" land and sea ties to markets in the Middle East and Europe.The Pakistani army said it was tackling the security risks by setting up a special division for the corridor, including nine army battalions and paramilitary forces.On Tuesday, six separatist militants and two soldiers were killed in clashes in Baluchistan, officials said.Islamist militants have also attacked Chinese workers in Pakistan. And China worries about Muslim separatists from Xinjiang, whom it blames for a series of attacks across China over the past year, getting training from Pakistani militants.Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif promised Xi Pakistan would step up efforts to battle terrorism. The army said on Wednesday it had killed 22 militants in air strikes near the Afghan border.   (Additional reporting by Mehreen Zahra-Malik; Writing by Robert Birsel; Editing by Clarence Fernandez)
None
8
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/05/25/markets-precious-idUSL5N0YG2MH20150525
UPDATE 1-PRECIOUS-Gold edges up as Yellen comments shore up dollar
Mon May 25, 2015 3:45pm EDT
  * Yellen signals Fed on track to hike US rates this year* Dollar at highest in a month after Yellen's comments* US, UK markets shut on Monday   (Updates prices.)By Clara DeninaLONDON, May 25 (Reuters) - Gold prices rose sightly on Monday, even as the dollar gained traction against major currency rivals on signs the U.S. Federal Reserve is preparing to tighten monetary policy for the first time in six years in 2015.Fed Chair Janet Yellen indicated on Friday that the U.S. central bank was poised to raise rates this year, with the world's largest economy set to bounce back from an early-2015 slump. Higher U.S. interest rates increases the opportunity cost of holding non-yielding bullion.Spot gold was up 0.2 percent at $1,206.80 an ounce by 1826 GMT, just above a near-two-week low of $1,201.20 hit in the previous session. It posted its biggest weekly drop in a month last week, down 1.4 percent.Liquidity was thin with British and U.S. markets shut for holidays. "The Fed raising the rates is certainly not electrifying news for the precious metal, which is on track to extend its biggest weekly decline since April," AvaTrade chief market analyst Naeem Aslam said."Yellen last week has confirmed that she is still confident that the rates will rise this year and (gold) traders are not fond of this news at all."The prospect of higher rates later in 2015 boosted the dollar to its highest in a month against a basket of major currencies on Monday. Stronger-than-expected underlying U.S. inflation and persisting Greek debt worries also supported the greenback. A stronger dollar makes gold more expensive for holders of other currencies, while diminishing the metal's appeal as an hedge against risk.In the physical markets, gold demand across Asia was soft as investors channel their money towards higher-yielding stock markets.Indian gold jewellery demand in the second half of the year could take a hit as the Hindu calendar shows the number of dates seen as being auspicious for weddings will drop 40 percent in the second half from a year earlier.In other Asia-related news, China has established a fund that is expected to raise about $16 billion for gold-backed investment as part of its "Silk Road" initiative to develop trade and transport infrastructure across Asia and beyond, official media reported.Silver was up 0.8 percent at $17.12 an ounce, after falling 2.2 percent last week. Platinum rose 0.3 percent to $1,145.50 an ounce and palladium rose 0.3 percent to $785.98 an ounce.   (Additional reporting by A. Ananthalakshmi in Singapore, Veronica Brown in London and Scott Haggett in Calgary; Editing by Mark Potter, William Hardy and Marguerita Choy)
None
9
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/07/02/us-usa-bitcoin-idUSKBN0F719920140702
Venture capitalist Draper wins U.S. bitcoin auction
Wed Jul 2, 2014 6:36pm EDT
  NEW YORK Venture capitalist Tim Draper, sole winner of an auction last week of 30,000 bitcoins by the U.S. Marshals Service, called the sale a vote of confidence by the government in the nascent crypto-currency.The well-known Silicon Valley investor partnered with Palo Alto-based Vaurum, which facilitates over-the-counter bitcoin trading, for the sale but would not discuss how much he paid. Draper, a major backer of Vaurum, will partner with the startup to use the coins as a liquidity source for Vaurum's trading platforms in emerging markets, Draper told reporters in Palo Alto on Wednesday."If they thought that they were going to try to put the kibosh on bitcoin, I think they would have just buried these," Draper said, referring to the government's stance on the currency. "Instead, they decided that this was of real value to society."The bitcoins, a virtual currency that is "mined" by computers solving complex algorithms, were seized last year by the Marshals Service in a crackdown on illegal online activity.     Acceptance of bitcoin has been growing as more merchants allow customers to pay for goods and services with the currency. The U.S. Marshals Service auctioned off 29,655 bitcoins at an estimated worth of about $18 million in an online, sealed-bid auction that drew more than 40 bidders, including a number of well-known players in the crypto-currency. Terms of the sale have not been disclosed, but the success gives the virtual currency more legitimacy as a means of exchange.The bitcoins auctioned off were part of 144,000 bitcoins seized in October in a raid on Silk Road, an Internet black-market bazaar that authorities said had been used for illegal drug transactions and other goods.A spokeswoman for the U.S. Marshals Service said it will not conduct another auction of bitcoins unless there is a court order for the agency to do so. Draper told reporters his next fund will sport "a very high concentration" of bitcoin related investments.    "Of course, no one is totally secure in holding their own country’s currency. We want to enable people to hold and trade bitcoin to secure themselves against weakening currencies," the Vaurum statement said.        Draper is from a prominent Silicon Valley family, the son of one of the nation's first venture capitalists and father of another. In 1985 he founded Draper Associates, which would grow into Draper Fisher Jurvetson, known for investments such as online communication service Skype, electric carmaker Tesla and Chinese web services company Baidu. Like many in Silicon Valley, Draper has embraced bitcoin. With its open internet architecture and growing use as an alternative currency, it appeals to venture capitalists fond of open and disruptive technologies. Andreessen Horowitz and Union Square Ventures back bitcoin wallet Coinbase and Lightspeed Ventures backs bitcoin exchange BTC China.In addition to Draper, Vaurum has backing from former AOL Chief Executive Officer Steve Case and Battery Ventures. (Additional reporting by Nate Raymond; Editing by Bernadette Baum, Cynthia Osterman and David Gregorio)
None
10
http://www.reuters.com/article/slideshow/idUSKBN0IQ1UV20141106
11
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/03/12/press-digest-china-idUSL4N0WE04F20150312
PRESS DIGEST-China - March 12
Wed Mar 11, 2015 8:59pm EDT
  SHANGHAI, March 12 Chinese newspapers available in Beijing and Shanghai carried the following stories on Thursday. Reuters has not checked the stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.CHINA SECURITIES JOURNAL- China will release the details on its debt swap plan soon, said Zhu Guangyao, the vice finance minister, on Wednesday. China recently began allowing its local governments to swap a total of 1 trillion yuan ($159.71 billion) of their high-interest debts for lower-cost bonds.SECURITIES TIMES- Industrial Bank Co Ltd denied media reports that it would merge with Huafu Securities - a Chinese local brokerage firm - in a company filing published on Thursday, the paper reported. CHINA DAILY - International retailers' market share in China dropped to 19 percent in 2014, down from 20 percent in 2013, the newspaper said, citing research by Kantar Worldpanel.- The Green Ecological Silk Road Investment Fund, the first private-equity fund focused on environmental investments along China's planned Silk Road, raised 30 billion yuan in its first round of fundraising, according to the newspaper. PEOPLE'S DAILY- China should strengthen its campaign to fight poverty by adopting new technologies such as 'big data' to increase the efficiency and accuracy of the anti-poverty campaign, an editorial in the mouthpiece of the Chinese Communist Party said on Thursday.For Hong Kong and South China newspapers see.....   ($1 = 6.2613 Chinese yuan renminbi)   (Reporting by the Shanghai Newsroom and Sue-Lin Wong; Editing by Prateek Chatterjee)
the Shanghai Newsroom and Sue-Lin Wong
12
http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/11/18/bitcoin-trade-idUSL2N0J318X20131118
Bitcoin surges to new high ahead of U.S. government hearing
Mon Nov 18, 2013 1:09pm EST
  NEW YORK Nov 18 Bitcoin surged over 27 percent to a new high of US$675 on Monday ahead of a U.S. government hearing on possible regulation of the digital currency.While not an official seal of approval, the hearing is giving some legitimacy to a payment mechanism that has been  associated with illegal activities even as it gains acceptance by the general public and investment community.Witnesses at the Senate Homeland Security Committee hearing include officials from the Secret Service and Financial Crimes Enforcement Network and the Justice Department's Criminal Division."The government is taking a very thoughtful and balanced approach to bitcoin and bitcoin regulation," said Barry Silbert, founder of the Bitcoin Investment Trust, launched in late September and valued at US$22.8 million on Friday. It holds around 53,000 Bitcoins.Bitcoin traded as high as US$675 on Monday on Tokyo-based exchange Mt. Gox, the best-known operator of a bitcoin digital marketplace. That was a rise of 27.7 percent from Sunday's close. It last changed hands at US$672.The digital currency, which trades 24 hours a day, every day, has risen around 404 percent in the last two months. Association with drugs, money laundering, murder for hire  and other illegal activities has not stymied interest in bitcoin, the digital currency not backed by any government or central bank and until recently a niche alternative currency touted by computer geeks and anti-government advocates.The currency, whose supply is limited, is "mined" by solving math problems. Bitcoin transactions are tracked by a network of computers that validate transactions and prevent counterfeit. In October, the U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation shut down Silk Road, an online marketplace used to buy and sell illegal drugs, and seized $3.6 million in bitcoins."Lawmakers are rightfully concerned about the illegal aspects of bitcoin but the fact that they're giving bitcoin the time of day helps cement its legitimacy," said Christopher Vecchio, currency analyst at DailyFX.But it may also be government interest itself that is prompting the currency's huge moves of recent weeks, he said. "If investors feel that bitcoin is truly legitimate but foresee supply constraints due to exchanges closing or new regulations hitting the market, there is a sense of urgency developing to obtain bitcoins now, 'while you can,'" said Vecchio.Irrespective of the reason for the move, Bitcoin Investment Trust's Silbert at least is optimistic about the long-term outlook for the digital currency."Everyone is uncomfortable that the price has moved so quickly," Silbert said. "Bitcoin in its short history has gone through a series of bubbles and busts. But after every bust a new price base has formed."Shares in the Bitcoin Investment Trust had a net asset value of $42.44 on Friday, up from $12.88 when the fund launched on September 25. Each share is 0.1 percent of a Bitcoin.
None
13
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/05/11/bbo-whitesox-brewers-preview-idUSMTZEB5B6MNI3U20150511
Preview: White Sox at Brewers
Mon May 11, 2015 7:02am EDT
  Starter Jeff Samardzija returns from a suspension as the Chicago White Sox open a three-game road series against the Milwaukee Brewers on Monday. Samardzija received a five-game suspension due to his involvement in an on-field incident against Kansas City on April 23 and began serving his penalty last Wednesday.Samardzija will be aiming to help the White Sox get a rare road win as Chicago’s 2-11 mark is the worst in the majors. The White Sox (99) are the only American League team yet to reach 100 runs scored but did score 16 runs while taking two of three games from Cincinnati over the weekend. Milwaukee is attempting to recover from a slow start and has won six of its last nine games – four against the Chicago Cubs. The Brewers hit seven homers and went 11-for-21 with runners in scoring position while winning two of three from the Cubs over the weekend.TV: 7:20 p.m. ET, WPWR (Chicago), FSN Wisconsin (Milwaukee)PITCHING MATCHUP: White Sox RH Jeff Samardzija (2-2, 4.38 ERA) vs. Brewers RH Wily Peralta (1-4, 3.92) Samardzija has been solid in three of his last four turns and horrible in the other. He was touched up for eight runs (seven earned) and 10 hits in five innings in a loss to Baltimore on April 29 and bounced back to allow two runs and seven hits in seven innings to beat Detroit last Tuesday. Samardzija is 2-6 with a 4.55 ERA in 22 career appearances (eight starts) against Milwaukee.Peralta lost his first four decisions before emerging victorious in his last start. He gave up two earned runs and seven hits in a season-high eight innings while beating the Los Angeles Dodgers last Wednesday and has allowed just five runs in his last three outings. Peralta, who has never faced the White Sox, has lost both of his road starts this season. WALK-OFFS1. Brewers RF Ryan Braun is 9-for-18 with three homers against Samardzija. 2. The White Sox have won 10 of the past 12 meetings.3. Milwaukee 3B Aramis Ramirez (back) likely will miss his fourth consecutive game.PREDICTION: White Sox 5, Brewers 4
None
14
http://www.reuters.com/article/2011/09/07/us-sept11-pakistan-peshawar-idUSTRE7860NE20110907
9/11 brings slow death to Pakistan's Peshawar
Wed Sep 7, 2011 12:36am EDT
  PESHAWAR, Pakistan When the people of Peshawar watched the collapse of New York's Twin Towers on television, it seemed like a distant tragedy.Few could have imagined that the events of September 11, 2001, thousands of miles away would touch their lives in this bustling frontier city near the Afghan border.But over the decade since then, Peshawar has itself been targeted repeatedly by Islamist militants opposed to Pakistan's cooperation in the U.S. war on militancy.These days the city is a magnet for suicide bombers rather than the tourists and traders who once made its economy vibrant."I come to my shop every morning but I don't know if I am going to go home alive or in a body bag," said Sheikh Arshad, who repaired his minivan after it was damaged in a bombing and then had to sell it to keep his herbal medicine shop afloat."When 9/11 happened I had no idea it would bring such destruction to my business, to my city. There is nothing anyone can do. The police come after every bombing, take down our names and promise compensation. But nothing happens."RICH HISTORY, UNCERTAIN FUTUREFor centuries Peshawar was a crossroads of culture and trade between Afghanistan, South Asia, Central Asia and the Middle East. It is also the gateway to the Khyber Pass, which sits on the ancient Silk Road and leads to the Afghan border.The city fired imaginations in modern times too.During the 1980s, Peshawar became a den of spies and jihadis when the United States, Saudi Arabia and Pakistan covertly funded a mujahideen guerrilla war to expel Soviet troops from Afghanistan.At one point it was home to Osama bin Laden and other high-profile militants, long before he became the United States' enemy number one.But there is little magic left in Peshawar, the congested capital of Pakistan's northwest Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province. Destructive changes brought by 9/11 were subtle at first. Trade with neighboring Afghanistan fell gradually after a U.S.-led invasion toppled the Taliban there in 2001.Remnants of the regime fled over the porous border to Pakistan's northwest and established sanctuaries close to Peshawar, which lies 105 miles northwest of Islamabad with a population of 1.5 million.But Peshawar really started feeling the heat after a full-scale war erupted between the Pakistani state and homegrown Taliban when former President Pervez Musharraf's forces launched an armed assault on militants in Islamabad's Red Mosque in 2007.Peshawar was soon swept up in government offensives and counter-attacks by militants. Suicide bombings rocked the city, killing hundreds of people over the years.No one seems safe from the carnage.Eight-year-old schoolboy Asghar Khan was walking with some friends last month when a bomb hidden in a fruit cart was detonated remotely, killing him. Five policemen, who appeared to be the target of the attack, also died. "Really, if the 9/11 incident had not occurred, Asghar would have still been with us," said his uncle, Ashfaq Khan. The boy's 60-year-old father was still too shaken to speak. He just held up a photograph of Ashgar.Once an easy-going center of culture in a picturesque valley, today Peshawar feels like a city under siege.Soldiers in machinegun nests are stationed across what was known long ago as the City of Flowers and many commercial buildings are protected by sandbags and barbed-wire fences.Ijaz Ahmed, who heads police operations in Peshawar, stood in his office a few feet away from photographs of fallen comrades in the war against militants. He reflected on Peshawar's history since 9/11, and its uncertain future."Peshawar has become the frontline city," he said. "And it has suffered the most from the violence."The psychological scars are deep. Post-traumatic stress disorder is on the rise. "Before 9/11, I'd see maybe one in a hundred cases where a child was suffering from depression. Now it's one in every seven," said psychiatrist Khalid Mufti.ECONOMY, CULTURE THROTTLEDPeshawar's economy has taken a battering too.Half of the city's industrial zone has shut down since 2007 and output in the remaining plants has dropped by 50 percent, says the provincial chamber of commerce and industry."Commercial banks are reluctant to extend loans because of insecurity and there has been no major financing in years," said Osman Bashir Bilour, the chamber's president.Merchants at Peshawar's famous Qissakhwani bazaar, which thrived for centuries, are barely surviving. All they can do is long for the city's past glory."The Americans, the Canadians, the Japanese, the Germans, they always bought my merchandise," said Bashir Ahmed, referring to traditional ethnic Pashtun caps, sitting near photographs of Western customers from over the years. "Now no one is coming. It's close to lunchtime and I have not sold one cap today."The spread of Islamist militancy here was a reaction to the American presence in Afghanistan and the post-9/11 alliance between Washington and Islamabad. But it's not just the violence that has reshaped Peshawar.In 2002, a religious political coalition sympathetic to the Taliban came to power in Peshawar and banned what they deemed un-Islamic activities. Film, music, theater and art, essential parts of Peshawar's cultural identity, were suppressed."Artists have run away. I get thousands of threats. Artists have moved to other cities. All the productions are done there now. Here we can't even breath," said a theater director, who can't find work and was too scared to be named. "It went bad after 9/11. The violence is so intense now that no one remembers who started it."(Additional reporting by Reuters Television; Editing by Michael Georgy and John Chalmers)
None
15
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/04/20/pakistan-china-idUSL4N0XH1P420150420
UPDATE 5-China and Pakistan launch economic corridor plan worth $46 billion
Mon Apr 20, 2015 12:06pm EDT
  * Xi says China-Pakistan security, economies linked* Economic corridor envisages spending of $46 billion* Insurgency in parts of Pakistan may undermine plans* Xi calls for efforts to bring peace to Afghanistan   (Updates with details of agreements)By Katharine HoureldISLAMABAD, April 20 (Reuters) - China and Pakistan launched a plan on Monday for energy and infrastructure projects in Pakistan worth $46 billion, linking their economies and underscoring China's economic ambitions in Asia and beyond.China's President Xi Jinping arrived in Pakistan to oversee the signing of agreements aimed at establishing a China-Pakistan Economic Corridor between Pakistan's southern Gwadar port on the Arabian Sea and China's western Xinjiang region.The plan, which would eclipse U.S. spending in Pakistan over the last decade or so, is part of China's aim to forge "Silk Road" land and sea ties to markets in the Middle East and Europe.Xi, whose visit to Pakistan winds up on Tuesday, said it cemented an "all-weather strategic cooperative partnership" between the neighbours.Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif said the corridor would transform Pakistan into a regional hub and give China a shorter and cheaper route for trade with much of Asia, the Middle East and Africa. "Friendship with China is the cornerstone of Pakistan's foreign policy," Sharif said in a speech.The corridor, a network of roads, railways and pipelines, will pass through Pakistan's poor Baluchistan province, where a long-running separatist insurgency that the army has vowed to crush will raise questions about the feasibility of the plan.China is also worried about Muslim separatists from Xinjiang teaming up with Pakistani militants. Although Xi did not refer to the issue on Monday, he linked economic cooperation with security in a statement on Sunday."Our cooperation in the security and economic fields reinforce each other, and they must be advanced simultaneously," he said.Sharif added: "I assured President Xi that Pakistan considers China's security as important as its own security." Xi called for greater efforts to bring peace to Afghanistan, where Pakistan is keen to restrict the influence of its rival India.The two sides also agreed to strengthen cooperation in civil nuclear energy, space and maritime technology, counter-terrorism and defence.COMMON INTERESTSPakistan says China will provide up to $37 billion in investment for energy projects to generate 16,400 MW of power. Concessional loans will cover nearly $10 billion of infrastructure projects. The planned Chinese spending exceeds that of the United States, which has given $31 billion to Pakistan since 2002, according to the Congressional Research Service. About two-thirds of that was earmarked for security.Despite Chinese-U.S. competition for influence across Asia, they share interests in Pakistan. Both want a stable government fighting militancy, said Andrew Small, author of a book on China-Pakistan relations."China would like U.S. support for Pakistan to continue, in terms of aid, selling arms, and other support," Small told Reuters.Few details of the projects have been finalised, and it is not only the Baluchistan insurgency that stands in the way of the ambitious vision becoming reality.Xi may seek assurances that Pakistan will rein in corruption and that leaders from rival political parties are willing to make a long-term commitment."We should be cautious because of Pakistan itself, not China," said Imtiaz Gul of the Center for Research and Security Studies, adding that Pakistan's bureaucracy, political leadership and national unity would be tested as China seeks to build trade links.Pakistani officials have said China's government and banks, including China Development Bank and the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Ltd, will lend to Chinese companies, which will invest in projects as commercial ventures.Chinese companies investing in the projects will include Three Gorges Corp, China Power International Development Ltd, Huaneng Group, ICBC Corporation and Zonergy Corporation, officials said.Sharif made ending chronic power blackouts a central promise of his 2013 election campaign and will be hoping for an improvement before the next polls in 2018.   (Additional reporting by Mehreen Zahra-Malik; Editing by Robert Birsel, Mike Collett-White and Kevin Liffey)
None
16
http://www.reuters.com/article/2007/10/18/us-afghan-minarets-idUSB17715720071018
Afghan city takes action to save ancient minarets
Thu Oct 18, 2007 9:41am EDT
  HERAT, Afghanistan A group of mediaeval minarets in the Afghan city of Herat could be saved thanks to the closure of a busy road threatening their foundations.The minarets, standing at more than 100 feet, are all that remain of what was once a brilliantly decorated complex for Islamic learning and devotion on the Silk Road on the outskirts of the western Afghan city.Just over a century ago, more than a dozen minarets stood in Herat, part of a madrasa-mosque complex built in the 15th century.Most of the camel-colored mud-brick towers, which were once sheathed in sparkling blue, green, white and black mosaic tiles, have toppled during decades of war and neglect. Experts had hoped the end of Taliban rule in 2001 and the advent of a new government would save the remaining towers.However, the city's new-found wealth in the post-Taliban era has served only to heighten concerns about the towers' stability.Heavy trucks and cars rumble along a road that runs through the middle of the remaining minarets, shaking the ground and threatening their foundations. Recently authorities banned trucks from using the road, and on Thursday the head of Herat's information and culture department said the next step was to build a new road."Herat was due to have been included in the list of World's Cultural Heritage by UNESCO," Nimatullah Sarwari told Reuters. "They (UNESCO) had a set of preconditions; preserving the old city and the closure of the road that runs through the minarets. We have prevented big vehicles from using the road and soon we will close the road totally by building a new one."Once a bastion of culture and literature, Herat has prospered compared to other parts of Afghanistan since the fall of the Taliban, due largely to trade links with Turkmenistan and Iran.New buildings of glass and concrete are sprouting up, overlooking the old city and challenging the minarets' command of the skyline for the first time in six centuries.The old city of Herat is already on the tentative list for inclusion on UNESCO's register of World Heritage sites.
None
17
http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/11/07/us-crime-cyber-arrest-idUSBRE9A61CM20131107
U.S. arrests man for selling guns online for Bitcoins
Thu Nov 7, 2013 5:01pm EST
  NEW YORK As part of their quest to crack down on anonymous Internet criminal marketplaces, U.S. authorities arrested a New Hampshire man for selling guns online in exchange for the digital currency Bitcoin on the Internet site Black Market Reloaded, U.S. prosecutors in New Jersey said on Thursday.Prosecutors charged the man, Matthew Crisafi, 38, with conspiracy to commit money laundering, smuggling goods from the United States and selling firearms without a license. He was to be presented in court in New Hampshire late on Thursday before being brought to New Jersey to face the charges.In a criminal complaint filed on Thursday, authorities described Black Market Reloaded as a site similar in appearance to the widely used Internet marketplaces EBay and Amazon.com but accessible only via the encrypted network Tor, which hides users' identifying information, including digital tags signifying their location.Customers and vendors on Black Market Reloaded transact in Bitcoins, according to the complaint. Bitcoins are units of virtual currency governed not by any central government or company but by computer code that is modified whenever users acquire or disburse their units.Crisafi's arrest comes a month after authorities shuttered the best-known underground online marketplace, Silk Road, and arrested its alleged founder, Ross Ulbricht. Cybercrime experts widely predicted new sites would quickly move to fill Silk Road's void. Black Market Reloaded, according to the complaint, has been operating since at least April 2013, when agents from the Department of Homeland Security began investigating it.Prosecutors said in the complaint that Crisafi had a profile on Black Market Reloaded and that over three months he allegedly sold semiautomatic handguns and rifles, including an AR-15 Bushmaster assault rifle, to an undercover agent. He used U.S. mail to ship the guns to New Jersey, the complaint said. The arrest adds to a pattern of pursuit by U.S. authorities of participants in online marketplaces, whether they are vendors or operators. Before they arrested Ulbricht in the Silk Road case, federal authorities arrested an alleged drug vendor from the site, who they said was selling drugs from South Carolina.In addition, federal prosecutors in Baltimore said on Thursday that two people agreed this week to plead guilty to charges related to selling drugs on Silk Road."People who think they can hide behind a veil of an 'underground' website to buy and sell weapons illegally are mistaken," said Andrew McLees, the Homeland Security Investigations agent who directed the Crisafi case. "HSI will use all of our collective resources to track you down and bring you to justice."Reuters reported on Wednesday that Silk Road had been re-launched and was again open for business.(Editing by Dan Grebler)(This story was refiled to correct number of people in Baltimore case from four to two in the ninth paragraph)
Dan Grebler
18
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/03/31/press-digest-nyt-idUSL3N0WX23A20150331
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - March 31
Tue Mar 31, 2015 1:42am EDT
  March 31 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.* Jay Z, the rap star and entertainment mogul, announced his plans for Tidal, a subscription streaming service he recently bought for $56 million. Facing competition from Spotify, Google Inc and other companies that will soon include Apple Inc, Tidal will be fashioned as a home for high-fidelity audio and exclusive content. (nyti.ms/1CrrykP) * In a recent series of attacks on websites like Github that try to help Internet users in China circumvent censorship, a portion of the torrents of Internet traffic was diverted using the Great Firewall, to overload targeted websites. The attacks appear to hijack advertising and analytics traffic intended for Baidu Inc, China's largest search company, and then send that traffic to smaller websites in what is known as a distributed denial of service or DDoS attack. The huge flow of traffic has the effect of crashing the sites. (nyti.ms/1CrsSnD) * With the prospect of a default looming in Greece, Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras is preparing to meet next week with President Vladimir Putin of Russia as a European deal to give more aid to Athens falters. (nyti.ms/1Crt9XF) * The Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics said it was working with the Kraft Foods Group Inc to end part of a deal that allowed the food company to use one of the academy's logos on packages of Kraft Singles. (nyti.ms/1CrthGB)* On Monday, the government charged that in the shadows of an undercover investigation of Silk Road, two federal agents sought to enrich themselves by exploiting the very secrecy that made the site so difficult to penetrate. The agents, Carl Mark Force IV, who worked for the Drug Enforcement Administration, and Shaun Bridges, who worked for the Secret Service, were charged with money laundering and wire fraud. Force was also charged with theft of government property and conflict of interest. (nyti.ms/1CrtObR)   (Compiled by Ankush Sharma in Bengaluru)
None
19
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/02/04/us-usa-silkroad-ulbricht-idUSBREA131M220140204
New U.S. charge for man accused in underground online drugs market
Tue Feb 4, 2014 4:24pm EST
  NEW YORK U.S. prosecutors unveiled a new charge on Tuesday against the man they accuse of creating the underground online drugs marketplace known as Silk Road, potentially adding years of prison time if he were convicted.In an indictment filed in federal court in Manhattan, 29-year-old Ross Ulbricht is charged with engaging in a continuing criminal enterprise by acting as organizer and supervisor of at least five others who were violating a law against drug trafficking. The new charge carries a mandatory minimum sentence of 20 years in prison if he is convicted.Ulbricht was also charged with of one count each of money laundering, computer hacking and drug trafficking, charges that were first laid out in a criminal complaint last October. Prosecutors accused Ulbricht of involvement in Silk Road, which they said sold drugs and criminal services in exchange for Bitcoins, a digital currency that is coming under increasing scrutiny by authorities."It's the same factual allegations packaged in a statutory wrapper designed to increase the penalties," Ulbricht's lawyer Joshua Dratel said on Tuesday. Ulbricht was arrested October 1 in a public library in San Francisco, shortly after authorities shut down the web site Silk Road, a marketplace vendors and customers accessed using an encryption program that strips internet users' identifying information to allow them to communicate anonymously with each other. Ulbricht has maintained his innocence through statements by his lawyer. Ulbricht is expected to enter a not guilty plea when he makes an initial court appearance scheduled for Friday to answer the indictment.The indictment by a grand jury marks the end of an initial period during which Ulbricht could have talked with prosecutors and made a deal to soften any sentence rendered against him by pleading guilty and cooperating.(Reporting By Emily Flitter; Editing by Grant McCool)
Emily Flitter
20
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/04/09/idUSnCCN5xr06N%2B1c1%2BMKW20150409
Employee Referrals Are Top Source of Hire in a New Report From SilkRoad
Thu Apr 9, 2015 11:08am EDT
    Employee Referrals Are Top Source of Hire in a New Report From SilkRoad    Engaging Employees to Attract Talent Is Key Talent Acquisition Strategy CHICAGO, IL--(Marketwired - April 09, 2015) - SilkRoad, a leading global provider of cloud-based talent management solutions, released the 2015 edition of their annual Top Sources of Hire report. Developed from millions of data points collected through the SilkRoad Recruiting Applicant Tracking System (ATS), SilkRoad's Top Sources of Hire 2015 offers the definitive view of talent acquisition strategy effectiveness. While employee referrals produced the top number of hires, the report reveals a much richer story about how companies attract top talent. Areas such as job boards and search engines, career websites, employer branding, mobile recruiting, and social media are explored in-depth to provide a clear picture of the talent acquisition landscape. The report also includes a top 10 recommendations list to help recruiters refine their talent acquisition processes. A webinar on April 23, 2PM EDT will take a deep dive into the results and offer key takeaways to help attendees optimize their recruiting strategies.Click here for more details and to register for the webinar.  "SilkRoad's Top Sources of Hire provides an unbiased look at the channels feeding the talent pipeline," said John Shackleton, President and CEO of SilkRoad. "By knowing which candidate sources produce the most interviews and hires, organizations are better able to allocate resources to the areas that yield the best results."Click here to tweet this release. Report Highlights:Internal vs. External Sources of Hire: Internal sources charge the process with 61%.Online vs. Offline Sources of Hire: Online sources power 78% of hires.Indeed sparked talent acquisition by producing 148,263 interviews, the top external source.The top three internal sources of interviews: 1) Employee Referral, 2) Career Sites, 3) Current Employees (Internal Hires). See the infographic for more highlights.Relevant LinksDownload SilkRoad's Top Sources of Hire.Register for the April 23 webinar.See the Infographic.Access 7 "Best of" Recruiting resources. About SilkRoadSilkRoad is a leading global provider of cloud-based, end-to-end talent management solutions that enable customers to find, attract, develop, and retain the best talent. The award-winning SilkRoad Life Suite includes Talent Acquisition, Talent Development, and HRMS solutions that are delivered through a tablet-friendly Talent Portal. The suite is easy to deploy and use - a single platform to rapidly boost employee engagement and business performance. Visit www.silkroad.com, follow on Twitter @SilkRoadTweets or call 866-329-3363 (U.S. toll free) or +1-312-574-3700. Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2015/4/9/11G037964/Images/Top-Sources-of-Hire-Infographic-2015-418838574507.jpg  Contact: Ryan Rivera ryan.rivera@silkroad.com 312.300.4420    
None
21
http://www.reuters.com/article/2011/09/13/us-fashion-newyork-men-idUSTRE78C6ZW20110913
At New York Fashion Week, men get bright colors
Tue Sep 13, 2011 5:00pm EDT
  NEW YORK Men's fashion is getting more colorful and classic designs are being refreshed with unusual fabrics as people look to their clothes to help them stand out in a tough economy, top buyers said during Fashion Week.Spring fashions will focus less on mainstays, such as gray suits and silk ties, and more on fabrics such as linen and patterns such as plaid.Men are ready to have fun again after years of sartorial austerity, buyers said. They want their clothes to give them a boost in a competitive job market. And that means moving beyond the same old, same old, experts said."What he doesn't want to do is buy things that look like what he already has," Durand Guion, Macy's Inc vice president of men's fashion, told Reuters.Menswear has long been a relatively small business for retailers. Indeed, last year, women's clothing sales at luxury chain Saks Inc were more than twice as big as men's.But retailers said the cultural shift that has made men more aware of fashion is permanent and can be a major source of growth. Neiman Marcus Group singled out men's as a strong category on its quarterly earnings call on Tuesday. "Men are willing to take more risks, they're willing to experiment more," said Chris Cox, vice president of design and creative at Nautica, a unit of VF Corp.The theme at Nautica's spring 2012 men's collection was a California road trip, featuring indigo suits made of linen, which the buyers agreed would be a popular fabric in spring.Saks' men's fashion director Eric Jennings said most men don't wear suits to work anymore, making mastering business casual all the more important. One of the biggest trends in men's fashions in the coming months will be a "British invasion" with tartan patterns, tweeds and "dapper" British dressing, Jennings said.Men's fashions will have bolder colors, he said, with camel replacing gray as a foundation color.Designers have also blended different, seemingly incongruous styles together. Guion said military motifs, such as the color olive green and metal buttons, will influence some classics like the cardigan. Bloomingdale's Kevin Harter, men's fashion director, said men are embracing more accessories like pocket squares and scarves. And the sports coat is back in fashion."Nightlife is back," said Harter. "It's chic to dress up to go out to dinner again."When men do buy new suits, they can expect slimmer fitting tailoring and colors beyond gray and navy blue.Macy's Guion said shoppers can expect more patterns such as plaid in suits and wool blended ties.With men more confident in their fashion sense, they want to have some fun, buyers said. "Men are not shy anymore," said Geoffrey Henning, a vice president at J.C. Penney Co Inc. "I think they want something that makes them happy."(Editing by Mark Egan and Cynthia Osterman)
Mark Egan and Cynthia Osterman
22
http://www.reuters.com/article/2012/01/23/us-afghanistan-jewish-scrolls-idUSTRE80M18W20120123
Ancient Jewish scrolls found in north Afghanistan
Mon Jan 23, 2012 9:49am EST
  KABUL A cache of ancient Jewish scrolls from northern Afghanistan that has only recently come to light is creating a storm among scholars who say the landmark find could reveal an undiscovered side of medieval Jewry.The 150 or so documents, dated from the 11th century, were found in Afghanistan's Samangan province and most likely smuggled out -- a sorry but common fate for the impoverished and war-torn country's antiquities.Israeli emeritus professor Shaul Shaked, who has examined some of the poems, commercial records and judicial agreements that make up the treasure, said while the existence of ancient Afghan Jewry is known, their culture was still a mystery."Here, for the first time, we see evidence and we can actually study the writings of this Jewish community. It's very exciting," Shaked told Reuters by telephone from Israel, where he teaches at the Comparative Religion and Iranian Studies department at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem.The hoard is currently being kept by private antique dealers in London, who have been producing a trickle of new documents over the past two years, which is when Shaked believes they were found and pirated out of Afghanistan in a clandestine operation.It is likely they belonged to Jewish merchants on the Silk Road running across Central Asia, said T. Michael Law, a British Academy Postdoctoral Fellow at Oxford University's Center for Hebrew and Jewish Studies. "They might have been left there by merchants travelling along the way, but they could also come from another nearby area and deposited for a reason we do not yet understand," Law said."SOLD ELSEWHERE FOR TEN TIMES MORE"Cultural authorities in Kabul had mixed reactions to the find, which scholars say is without a doubt from Afghanistan, arguing that the Judeo-Persian language used on the scrolls is similar to other Afghan Jewish manuscripts. National Archives director Sakhi Muneer outright denied the find was Afghan, arguing that he would have seen it, but an advisor in the Culture Ministry said it "cannot be confirmed but it is entirely possible.""A lot of old documents and sculptures are not brought to us but are sold elsewhere for ten times the price," said advisor Jalal Norani, explaining that excavators and ordinary people who stumble across finds sell them to middlemen who then auction them off in Iran, Pakistan and Europe."Unfortunately, we cannot stop this," Norani said. The Culture Ministry, he said, pays on average $1,500 for a recovered antique item. The Hebrew University's Shaked estimated the Jewish documents' worth at several million dollars. Thirty years of war and conflict have severely hindered both the collecting and preserving of Afghanistan's antiquities, and the Culture Ministry said endemic corruption and poverty meant many new discoveries do not even reach them.Interpol and U.S. officials have also traced looted Afghan antiquities to funding insurgent activities.In today's climate of uncertainty, the National Archives in Kabul keep the bulk of its enormous collection of documents -- some dating to the fifth century -- under lock and key to prevent stealing.Instead reproductions of gold-framed Pashto poems and early Korans scribed on deer skin, or vellum, are displayed for the public under the ornate ceilings of the Archives, which were the nineteenth century offices of Afghan King Habibullah Khan."I am sure Afghanistan, like any country, would like to control their antiquities... But on the other hand, with this kind of interest and importance, as a scholar I can't say that I would avoid studying them," said Shaked of the Jewish find.(Additional reporting by Mirwais Harooni; Editing by Rob Taylor and Sanjeev Miglani)
None
23
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/04/17/silkroadmedical-enrou-idUSnPnZ14lh%2B50%2BPRN20150417
Silk Road Medical Announces First U.S. Commercial Procedure with the ENROUTE® Transcarotid Neuroprotection System
Fri Apr 17, 2015 8:00am EDT
    Silk Road Medical Announces First U.S. Commercial Procedure with the ENROUTE® Transcarotid Neuroprotection System Novel TCAR procedure reduces the risk of stroke and provides a more efficient and less invasive procedure for patients undergoing carotid artery revascularization. PR Newswire SUNNYVALE, Calif., April 17, 2015   SUNNYVALE, Calif., April 17, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Silk Road Medical, Inc. announced the first U.S. commercial procedure using the ENROUTE Transcarotid Neuroprotection System (NPS) was successfully performed at Mills-Peninsula Medical Center in Burlingame, CA by Vascular Surgeon John E. Rosenman, M.D., F.A.C.S.TCAR, or TransCarotid Artery Revascularization, uses direct carotid artery access and robust, temporary flow reversal to protect the brain from particles that can dislodge during the carotid artery repair procedure. The ENROUTE Transcarotid NPS recently received 510(k) clearance by the Food & Drug Administration (FDA)."The TCAR procedure using the ENROUTE Transcarotid NPS allows me to perform a minimally invasive stent procedure expeditiously with less risk of nerve injury and less trauma to the patient than traditional open surgery." said Dr. Rosenman. "We are excited to be one of the first hospitals in the nation to offer this procedure to our patients with carotid artery disease. We are confident in the effectiveness of flow reversal for stroke prevention during stent placement. The transcarotid approach is a less invasive, more patient friendly option compared to traditional open surgery."  The FDA cleared the ENROUTE Transcarotid NPS based on the outcomes of the ROADSTER trial, which achieved a 30 day stroke rate of 1.4% in the pivotal cohort, a rate comparable to the gold standard of a surgical carotid endarterectomy (CEA) and the lowest to date for any prospective trial of carotid artery stenting. There were no major strokes and there were no strokes in important high risk subgroups, including the elderly (age ≥75), women, and symptomatic patients. "The surgical treatment of carotid artery disease to reduce the long term risk of stroke is well established, but many patients have risk factors that can lead to complications as a consequence of the procedure itself, including stroke, death, and cranial nerve injuries," said Sumaira Macdonald, M.D., Ph.D., Chief Medical Officer. "TCAR represents a procedural paradigm shift that brings together key principles of surgical and endovascular techniques to reduce these risks and is a welcome, clinically proven option for physicians and their patients."  Silk Road Medical will ramp up commercial operations throughout 2015 to broaden U.S. distribution of the ENROUTE Transcarotid NPS to vascular specialists. The ENROUTE Transcarotid NPS has been available internationally since 2012 and more than 500 patients have been treated with the device in the U.S. and Europe. The company also has a pending Premarket Approval (PMA) application for the ENROUTE Transcarotid Stent System – an optimized stent delivery system designed for use with the ENROUTE Transcarotid NPS.   About Silk Road MedicalSilk Road Medical, Inc. is a private company located in Sunnyvale, CA, that develops and manufactures less-invasive medical devices intended to improve the treatment of intra- and extra-cranial cerebrovascular disease through proprietary transcarotid therapies.  Detailed information about Silk Road Medical can be found at www.silkroadmed.com.  To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/silk-road-medical-announces-first-us-commercial-procedure-with-the-enroute-transcarotid-neuroprotection-system-300067675.htmlSOURCE  Silk Road Medical, Inc. 
None
24
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/05/29/ca-biomed-realty-trust-idUSnBw296084a%2B100%2BBSW20150529
BioMed Realty Trust Sells King of Prussia Property in Radnor to Penn Medicine for $35 Million
Fri May 29, 2015 4:13pm EDT
    BioMed Realty Trust Sells King of Prussia Property in Radnor to Penn        Medicine for $35 Million     Company To Redeploy Capital Into Growing Core Innovation Markets         BioMed Realty Trust, Inc. (NYSE: BMR) announced today the completion of        the sale of its property at 145 King of Prussia Road in Radnor, PA to        Penn Medicine for $35 million.             This deal will allow Penn Medicine to develop its own plan for the site        in partnership with the Radnor Township. The transaction will result in        an approximate $32 million impairment loss, which the company will        record in the second quarter.             “The transaction is part of our broader plan designed to free up capital        and personnel that can be redeployed into our other growing core        innovation markets while providing one of our important university        partners the opportunity to create something special in Radnor,” said        Greg Lubushkin, Chief Financial Officer at BioMed Realty.       About BioMed Realty Trust         BioMed Realty, with its trusted expertise and valuable relationships,        delivers optimal real estate solutions for biotechnology and        pharmaceutical companies, scientific research institutions, government        agencies and other entities involved in the life science industry.        BioMed Realty owns or has interests in properties comprising        approximately 18.0 million rentable square feet. Additional information        is available at www.biomedrealty.com.        Follow us on Twitter @biomedrealty.       This press release contains forward-looking statements within the        meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 based on        current expectations, forecasts and assumptions that involve risks and        uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ        materially. These risks and uncertainties include, without limitation:        adverse economic or real estate developments in the life science        industry or the company’s target markets; and general risks affecting        the real estate industry (including, without limitation, the inability        to enter into or renew leases, dependence on tenants’ financial        condition, and competition from other developers, owners and operators        of real estate). For a further list and description of such risks and        uncertainties, see the reports filed by the company with the Securities        and Exchange Commission, including the company’s most recent annual        report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. The company        disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any        forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information,        future events or otherwise.   View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20150529006084/en/        Jim CullinanVice President, Marketing(858) 753-8661jim.cullinan@biomedrealty.com      
None
25
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/02/26/china-equipment-makers-idUSL4N0VR1LX20150226
China machinery firms turn bankers, tractor makers as wheezing economy hits profits
Thu Feb 26, 2015 4:00pm EST
  * Construction market slumps as China growth falters* Plants idled as overcapacity, equipment glut weigh* Diversification drive takes hold as earnings sagBy Fang Yan and Matthew MillerBEIJING, Feb 27 (Reuters) - Chinese construction machinery makers are opening banks, designing tractors and abandoning core business deals in an effort to diversify and stay profitable as China's sputtering economy brings a sustained downturn to a once-booming market.Encouraged to expand after Beijing fired up a $640 billion stimulus package seven years ago to help them beat the global financial crisis, manufacturers from Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co to Sany Heavy Industry Co  are stuck with a glut of unsold equipment, factories they don't need and tumbling earnings.With domestic demand, government investment and the housing market all weakening, growth in the world's second-biggest economy slid to a 24-year low of 7.4 percent last year. The head of the central bank's research bureau believes growth could slow again this year, and all but one of China's 30 provinces have cut their 2015 economic targets."It will be another tough year for construction machinery makers as the growth of the country's fixed asset investment continues to slow," said Shi Yang, a China-based senior consultant with industry intelligence firm Off-Highway Research Ltd. That's bad news for an industry already burdened with chronic overcapacity. In 2013 China alone had enough plant to make 420,000 wheel loaders, used to move materials around construction sites, nearly twice global demand of 240,000 for the year, according to Shi.The machinery makers' response has been to cast their net far and wide in an urgent search for new business. Southern China-based Zoomlion, which warned in January its 2014 profit might slump by four-fifths, has added snow ploughs, fire-fighting vehicles and even farm tractors and harvesters to its equipment portfolio."We are now transforming into a diversified manufacturer,"  said Wang Xuhong, a spokesman for Zoomlion. The firm is now awaiting regulatory approval to get into China's heavy truck business."If we can make it, Zoomlion could be five or six times as big in the future and won't be so vulnerable to a downturn in any particular sector," said Wang. A BANK, NO CRANESAt southern China-based Sany, which cut staff by around 18 percent in 2013 as the downturn started to bite, the firm's parent group is setting up a bank in partnership with privately owned firms. In a stock exchange filing, Sany said it sees "huge growth potential" in banking, without disclosing details of its plans.Meanwhile Shantui Construction Machinery Co Ltd, China's biggest maker of bulldozers, walked away from a deal to take control of a domestic crane-making subsidiary of U.S. construction machinery firm Manitowoc Company Inc in 2013 for 216.8 million yuan ($35 million). While the move was unusual for an ambitious Chinese firm, so were the circumstances: Shantui had just seen its annual profit all but wiped out by the construction market downturn.Complicating the overcapacity situation is a swathe of industry outsiders that spent money building machinery making plants in the years following Beijing's stimulus package. Those firms, from Wuliangye Group, parent of liquor maker Wuliangye Yibin Co Ltd, to shipbuilder China Rongsheng Heavy Industries Group Holding Ltd, must now also take tough decisions.Wuliangye has halted production at a plant in Yibin city, in southwest China, that can make 10,000 construction site excavators a year, a Wuliangye Yibin executive told Reuters. Speaking on condition of anonymity, the executive said Wuliangye is reviewing options for the business.An executive at Wuliangye Group confirmed excavator manufacturing has been stopped, but declined further comment.China's construction machinery association has issued a bullish forecast for domestic equipment manufacturing growth of 5 to 7 percent for this year. But that reflects a boost from Beijing's proposed massive 'Silk Road' infrastructure investment from Kazakhstan to Southeast Asia.Chinese industry executives say they expect the domestic market to be flat at best this year."Our January sales were still down and February won't be  good either because of the (Chinese) New Year holiday," a senior executive at Shantui told Reuters, speaking on condition of anonymity as he is not authorised to talk to the media.  ($1 = 6.2591 Chinese yuan renminbi)   (Editing by Kenneth Maxwell)
Kenneth Maxwell
26
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/04/24/il-silkroad-idUSnBw246272a%2B100%2BBSW20140424
SilkRoad Announces Indeed Apply Integration
Thu Apr 24, 2014 12:41pm EDT
    SilkRoad Announces Indeed Apply Integration   Partnership drives 87K applicants in first two weeks of release         SilkRoad, a leading global provider of cloud-based talent        management solutions, today announced the recent rollout of Indeed        Apply to customers of SilkRoad OpenHire® applicant        tracking system(ATS). This new integration allows job seekers to        easily apply from all mobile devices without sacrificing the data        SilkRoad OpenHire customers require.             Click here        to tweet this release.             Applicants have been keen to use the new technology. Since its initial        rollout just 13 days ago, SilkRoad OpenHire® with Indeed Apply has        facilitated 87,000 candidate submittals from Indeed mobile, effectively        doubling the number of applicants OpenHire clients receive from Indeed.             “The impact Indeed Apply will have for our customers is significant,”        said SilkRoad’s Amber Hyatt, Senior Product Manager, OpenHire. “Allowing        applicants the ability to apply through mobile devices is key to        attracting top talent, particularly those in the growing millennial        workforce. This integration lets applicants easily apply while still        collecting job specific prescreening questions. These job specific        questions set employers up for success by creating consistency to review        candidates against the job’s minimum qualifications, regardless of the        candidate’s device.”             This release accompanies the recent announcement        of Indeed.com as the top job site and external source for interviews and        hires in SilkRoad’s annual report, Top        Sources of Hire: The Definitive Guide to the Most Effective Recruiting        Sources.             “For the third year in a row, Indeed was found as the top external        source of hire for SilkRoad customers,” added Hyatt. “We are excited to        grow our partnership to further provide value for our customers.”             Indeed Apply also adds to the existing Indeed.com integrations,        including:                Free job distribution to Indeed.com, and                 Automatic source tracking.                For more information on SilkRoad OpenHire® ATS, please visit http://bit.ly/1pLa77T.       About SilkRoad         SilkRoad® is a leading global provider of cloud-based, end-to-end talent        management solutions that enable customers to find, attract, develop,        and retain the best talent. The award-winning SilkRoad® Life Suite®        includes Talent Acquisition, Talent Development, and HRMS solutions that        are delivered through a Talent Portal to drive greater engagement,        collaboration, and user adoption. The suite is easy to deploy, easy to        use, and affordable for businesses of every size. Visit www.silkroad.com,        follow them on Twitter        @SilkRoadTweets or call 866-329-3363 (U.S. toll free) or        +1-312-574-3700.                SilkRoadRyan Rivera, (312) 300-4420Ryan.Rivera@silkroad.com        
None
27
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/02/28/us-bouygues-ceo-idUSKBN0LW0NF20150228
Bouygues denies its chief executive has died
Sat Feb 28, 2015 11:22am EST
  PARIS French construction-to-media group Bouygues denied reports on Saturday that its CEO, Martin Bouygues, had died."The Bouygues Group formally denies the death of its CEO Martin Bouygues and regrets that such a rumor could have spread," a Bouygues spokesman told Reuters by phone.Agence France-Presse had reported the 62-year-old businessman's death, citing a mayor of the northwestern Orne region, where Bouygues has a home. The news agency later apologized for the mistake. French Prime Minister Manuel Valls reacted to the erroneous news on Twitter: "Glad to have had Martin Bouygues on the phone and to have shared his astonishment". Bouygues has run the family-controlled group, which also builds roads and owns TF1, the country's biggest private broadcaster, for more than 20 years.  (Reporting by Gwenaelle Barzic and Gerard Bon, writing by Sybille de La Hamaide; Editing by David Holmes and Louise Heavens)
Gwenaelle Barzic and Gerard Bon, writing by Sybille de La Hamaide
28
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/12/03/china-railways-idUSL6N0TM31S20141203
After building China's railways, giant CRCC flexes muscles abroad
Wed Dec 3, 2014 4:00pm EST
  * China's rail giant CRCC snaps up overseas deals* With state support, company pushes "rail diplomacy"* Western firms fear Beijing backing could help win dealsBy Brenda GohSHANGHAI, Dec 4 (Reuters) - It will take more than the abrupt cancellation of a high-speed train deal with Mexico to derail China Railway Construction Corp's ambitions to become a global force in transport projects and take on the likes of Siemens, Alstom and Bombardier.State-owned CRCC and its partners will bid again for the $3.75 billion project, despite saying it was "exceptionally shocked" by Mexico's reversal following objections from opposition lawmakers angered the bid was uncontested.About two weeks after the cancellation, CRCC announced it had signed a $12 billion contract to build a railway along the coast of Nigeria, part of a concerted effort to secure business abroad and push China's so-called "railroad diplomacy".It was the largest single overseas construction deal won by a Chinese firm.Executives at established players including Germany's Siemens see CRCC as a powerful new competitor. A company insider at Siemens also said he believed the Chinese firm received state aid.His comments reflect concerns that companies will struggle to compete with CRCC on costs and because Beijing will use its diplomatic clout and deep pockets to spread commercial and technological prowess around the world."Now China, in railway construction and equipment, has become globally competitive in terms of the pricing and the technology," said Citi analyst Eric Lau. "So far, according to opening tenders, China's price point is about half of its global rivals," he added.The World Bank estimates China builds its fastest trains and rail at a cost of $17-21 million per kilometre, compared with Europe where it costs about $25-39 million per km or in California, estimated to cost up to $52 million per km.CRCC'S SEISMIC SHIFTOnce the railway division of the People's Liberation Army, CRCC  and domestic rival China Railway Group   have historically fought for work at home.China's railway network, which will reach 120,000 km by the end of 2015, has turned both into corporate giants, but in terms of international earnings they lag behind construction companies like Germany's Hochtief and Bechtel of the United States. That is changing as CRCC aims to increase the foreign share of its total revenues, which were 587 billion yuan ($95 billion) in 2013, to 30 percent from four percent now.In the first nine months of 2014, CRCC has inked 115 billion yuan in overseas contracts, accounting for one fifth of new deals over that period. The equivalent proportion in 2013 was six percent.In May, the company set up a unit to manage and coordinate foreign operations, according to a notice from the government's supervisory body for state-owned firms issued in September."(The reorganisation) enhances our competitiveness overseas ... and will help China's 'high-speed diplomacy'," the notice quoted CRCC as saying.An official at CRCC's board secretary office directed Reuters to its publicity department, which did not answer repeated calls for comment. China has stepped up its focus on railways this year, spending 590 billion yuan from January-October on new domestic lines and heavily promoting technology, especially high-speed rail, on diplomatic visits to Malaysia, Thailand and Britain.Many of its projects abroad are already supported by big loans from the likes of China's Export-Import Bank, and China launched a $40 billion "Silk Road" fund last month for infrastructure projects in countries linking Europe with Asia.In addition to the Nigerian and disputed Mexican deals, CRCC may benefit from a China-funded study for a high-speed railway in India, analysts said.China's state media have also reported that the government is merging the country's top two trainmakers, China CNR   and CSR Corp , to support its overseas high-speed rail campaign.PAST STUMBLESDespite its global ambitions, some of CRCC's foreign forays have ended unhappily.CRCC was forced to suspend $12 billion in projects in Libya during the 2011 conflict, and local media reports said it had to ask its parent for a bailout earlier that year after losing 4.15 billion yuan on a light-rail contract in Saudi Arabia.Analysts also warn that CRCC's aggressive overseas push may only be achievable through squeezed margins.The $12 billion Nigerian contract, for example, was 8.8 percent lower than when the parties first entered a framework agreement in May, CIMB analyst Kevin You said in a Nov. 21 note.  (1 US dollar = 6.1485 Chinese yuan)   (Reporting by Brenda Goh; Additional Reporting by Georgina Prodhan in FRANKFURT and Natalie Huet in PARIS; Editing by Mike Collett-White)
Brenda Goh
29
http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/06/20/us-china-xinjiang-idUSBRE95J03K20130620
China jails 19 Uighurs for religious extremism
Wed Jun 19, 2013 11:40pm EDT
  BEIJING Courts in China's far western region of Xinjiang have sentenced 19 ethnic Uighurs to up to six years in jail for promoting racial hatred and religious extremism online, in the latest crackdown on what China sees as violent separatists.All but one of those jailed were from the heavily Uighur southern part of Xinjiang, including eight from the old Silk Road city of Kashgar, the official Legal Daily reported on its website.Many Uighurs, a Turkic-speaking Muslim people who call energy-rich Xinjiang home, chafe at Chinese government restrictions on their culture, language and religion. China says it grants them wide-ranging freedoms.In one of the cases, the suspect went on illegal websites to download material which "whipped up religious fervor and preached 'holy war'" and "whipped up ethnic enmity", the Legal Daily said in its report late on Wednesday."This created a despicable effect on society," the newspaper said, citing the court ruling. Another suspect was jailed for spreading materials from overseas via the Internet which "advocate religious extremism and terrorism", the newspaper added.While the report did not specify the ethnicity of those jailed, their names and the location of the courts where they were sentenced indicated they were all Uighurs. China accuses armed Uighur groups of having links to Central Asian and Pakistani Islamist militants, and of carrying out attacks to establish an independent state called East Turkistan.Many rights groups say China overplays the threat posed to justify its tough controls in Xinjiang. The region, which lies strategically on the borders of Central Asia, India and Pakistan, sees frequent outbreaks of ethnic violence.In April, 21 people were killed in clashes near Kashgar, the deadliest unrest since July 2009, when nearly 200 people were killed in riots in the Xinjiang capital of Urumqi.(Reporting by Ben Blanchard; Editing by Robert Birsel)
Ben Blanchard
30
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/06/03/hangzhou-tourism-tour-idUSnPnc6WWQl%2B8e%2BPRN20150603
Hangzhou Tourism Commission Opens Entries for Global Tour 2015
Wed Jun 3, 2015 12:43pm EDT
    Hangzhou Tourism Commission Opens Entries for Global Tour 2015 U.S. Families to Audition for Free 30-Day Trip Around the World Starting in Hangzhou, China PR Newswire NEW YORK, June 3, 2015   NEW YORK, June 3, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- The Hangzhou Tourism Commission (HTC) announces the official launch of a social media campaign called, Global Tour 2015, which will send one U.S. and one Chinese family, along with a media "Storyteller," on a free 30-day trip around the globe from July 24th through August 22nd. Experience the interactive Multimedia News Release here: http://www.multivu.com/players/English/7536951-hangzhou-tourism-global-tour-2015/  The campaign was created to promote U.S. travel to a destination emerging on the global stage:  Hangzhou, China, known for its beauty, perfect blend of traditional and modern Chinese experiences, and has become China's top launch pad for tech start-ups, including home of e-commerce giant, Alibaba. In tandem with China National Tourism Administration's theme "Beautiful China 2015 – Year of Silk Road Tourism," HTC's Global Tour 2015 will support the winners to trace the ancient Silk Road beginning in Hangzhou and traveling through Dunhuang, China; Mykonos, Greece; Santorini, Greece; Dubrovnik, Croatia; Venice, Italy; Geneva, Switzerland; Paris, France; Boston, Massachusetts (Hangzhou's U.S. "sister city"); and finally ending in New York City. Before commencing the tour, the winning families and the media Storyteller will spend several days learning the rich culture, history and lifestyle of Hangzhou, which is known as one of the happiest cities in China. The group will then travel west following the Silk Road, spreading the happiness and building lasting international friendships along the way. The Storyteller will accompany the family on the trip to chronicle the adventures via social media.Families interested in entering for the Global Tour 2015 must visit http://globaltour2015.com and complete a questionnaire and submit a short video audition. Members of the media and social media influencers interested in winning the Storyteller position will need to complete a 200-word written submission, a second writing assignment selecting which of the landmarks on the Global Tour is the happiest, and are encouraged to post on Facebook, Twitter or Instagram. Family submissions will be put to a public social media vote and then the winners will be selected by a panel of judges.   Campaign timeline  Family and Storyteller Auditions: May 27 - June 11  Winners Announced: June 18  Tour Commencement: July 24 - August 22"Through emphasizing the importance of travel and international relations, the Global Tour 2015 is a compelling, timely way to elevate the visibility of Hangzhou on the world stage," said Mr. Li Hong, director-general, Hangzhou Tourism Commission. "With global entities including Apple and Alibaba continuing to invest in our future, Hangzhou is beginning to be recognized for not only its historical glory, but also as a beacon of modern China." Emerging as a top leisure and MICE travel destination in China, Hangzhou offers pristine natural beauty, well-preserved historical attractions, a vibrant culture and modern amenities for today's global traveler. Located in Eastern China only 50 minutes by high-speed train from Shanghai, Hangzhou is the fourth-largest metropolitan area in the country. The city is home to UNESCO World Heritage sites, West Lake and the Great Canal, as well as Linyin Temple, one of the largest Buddhist temples in all of China and a popular spot for locals and travelers alike to make good wishes. Hangzhou is also a budding tech hub, home to the global headquarters of e-commerce giant, Alibaba, as well as the new West Lake Apple Store, arguably the largest Apple store in Asia, which opened in January 2015. About Hangzhou Tourism Commission: The Hangzhou Tourism Commission is the governmental department responsible for managing the tourism industry in the city of Hangzhou, China. For more information, please visit http://en.gotohz.com or call +001 86-571-56815260.The Global Tour 2015 is organized by a Hong Kong based digital marketing company-Guru Online, which has a long term partnership with Hangzhou Tourism Commission.  This material is distributed by Quinn on behalf of Hangzhou Tourism Commission through Guru Online.  Additional information is available at the Department of Justice, Washington, D.C.       To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/hangzhou-tourism-commission-opens-entries-for-global-tour-2015-300093536.htmlSOURCE  Hangzhou Tourism Commission 
None
31
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/09/20/us-nigeria-violence-idUSKBN0HF0H220140920
At least 36 killed in shootout with Islamists in northeast Nigerian town
Sat Sep 20, 2014 1:29pm EDT
  MAIDUGURI Nigeria Fighters from Nigerian Islamist militant group Boko Haram stormed the northeastern town of Mainok on Friday, sparking a gun battle that killed at least 36 people and continued into Saturday, two security sources said.Four civilians were also killed in the remote north of Cameroon in a cross-border attack by Boko Haram militants, according to Cameroon state radio.Boko Haram has killed thousands over the past five years in its struggle for an Islamic state in northeast Nigeria."Thirteen of the terrorists who came to attack civilians in Mainok market yesterday were killed, some of them fled with gunshots and our colleagues are already on their trail. Unfortunately, 23 civilians died in the attack," one of the sources said.The other said the death toll may be even higher, saying he had counted 25 bodies on one road.The Nigerian military did not immediately respond to a request for comment.Since a military offensive began last year the Islamists have taken out their anger on civilians in increasingly frequent attacks. They have also branched out to strike in areas far from the rebel strongholds. Gunmen stormed a higher education college in northern Nigeria's main city of Kano on Wednesday, firing on fleeing students and triggering an explosion in an attack that killed at least 15 people and wounded 35, police said.Boko Haram rebels have also made several incursions into the hilly jungle region of neighboring Cameroon in recent months. Cameroon has deployed troops to the border in an attempt to repel them.Cameroon's army responded after an assault on the village of Assighassia near the city of Mokolo, and two militants were killed and a Cameroonian soldier injured, state-run Cameroon Radio Television reported late on Friday. "Two hours later, the terrorist group again attacked the village of Ganse, also close to Mokolo, and killed four civilians."Officials in the Cameroon defense ministry said on Saturday they had been informed of the clashes and were seeking to confirm the details.More than 40,000 people have fled to Cameroon to escape Boko Haram attacks in northern Nigeria, according to the U.N. refugee agency UNHCR, leaving behind few but the elderly and the disabled in their villages across the border. But once over the border they are still not safe and UNHCR is seeking to transfer many of them to a refugee camp further from the frontier at Minawao. Foncha Ngeh, a businessman based in Cameroon's northern hub of Maroua, said that hundreds of people were fleeing from isolated border villages in Cameroon to bigger towns and cities in search of safety.Boko Haram have killed hundreds of people this year, mostly in northeastern Nigeria, although they have launched attacks across the country. (Reporting by Lanre Ola; Additional reporting by Tansa Musa in Yaounde; Writing by Emma Farge and Tim Cocks; Editing by Rosalind Russell)
Lanre Ola
32
http://www.reuters.com/article/2008/06/18/us-olympics-torch-idUSPEK2773320080618
Security and choreography mark Silk Road torch relay
Wed Jun 18, 2008 10:35am EDT
  KASHGAR, China The Olympic torch was paraded on Wednesday through China's sensitive former Silk Road city of Kashgar, home to ethnic-minority Muslim Uighurs, under the scrutiny of soldiers and choreographed cheering crowds.China banned all but carefully chosen members of the public, such as Islamic leaders in headdresses and children in traditional attire, from the relay route and ordered everyone else to stay at home and watch on television."We weren't allowed to go and see it," said a Uighur woman in the backstreets in the old part of the oasis city. "But even if we were, I think people would have stayed away anyway."China has accused Uighur separatists in oil-rich Xinjiang of plotting attacks with al Qaeda's support to help achieve their goal of an independent country they call East Turkestan.The torch relay was meant to be a symbol of national unity and pride for China, but it was dogged by anti-government protests on its international leg after the clampdown on rioting in Tibet. At home, authorities are at pains to ensure its smooth journey, especially in troubled areas such as Xinjiang.As in Tibet, many Uighurs resent the migration of Han Chinese to the region and controls on their culture and religion.Shops were shut in Kashgar as small groups waved Chinese and Olympic flags under a bright, clear sky. Between the groups, the streets were deserted as a group of about 40 security guards in blue T-shirts and black gloves accompanied the torch.At the start, Uighur children, some holding large flags, chanted "Go China, Go Olympics, Go Sichuan and Go Kashgar" in the square outside the giant Idkhar Mosque, closed to the public. The Sichuan mention referred to last month's devastating earthquake. At the finish at People's Square, under a huge statue of Mao Zedong, the father of Communist China, Uighurs half-heartedly waved flags in marked contrast to relays elsewhere in China where joyous crowds have thronged the streets.Everyone on the streets wore a sticker with a number and the Olympic flame in an apparent security measure, as soldiers lined the route at every 30 meters (yards)."Kasghar will be even more harmonious after the torch relay," the city's deputy Communist Party boss, Akbar Wufuer, told a select crowd of government officials and children at the event's end, making no mention of the tight security.FOILED PLOTS China says it has cracked at least two Xinjiang-based militant plots this year, one involving an attempt to bring down an airliner flying to Beijing and the other to kidnap foreigners and carry out suicide attacks at the Olympics.Propaganda posters in Chinese and English and flags to welcome the torch were strung along the relay route, though there was little evidence of the Uighur language being used and hardly any signs or flags in Kasghar's backstreets."Welcome the Olympics, preserve stability," read one large, stern-sounding banner hung over a school entrance, in a reminder of the region's ethnic woes.Even the city's sewers appeared to have been included in a thorough security sweep, with tape stuck across manhole covers as seals to make it easier to spot any underground infiltration. Foreign reporters were banned from talking to anyone watching the torch along its route, despite China pledging complete media freedom when it applied to host the Olympics.On Saturday, the flame is due to be relayed through Lhasa, the Tibetan capital where anti-China protests broke out in March.Foreign rights groups say China has carried out a crackdown in Xinjiang ahead of the Beijing Games, which open on August 8."Over the past three months a blanket ban on all religious activities and gatherings outside of state-controlled mosques was imposed," said Nicholas Bequelin of Human Rights Watch."Informers are everywhere, as evidenced by tourists interrogated by the police about the most mundane activity such has having had a conversation with a Uighur fruit vendor."(Editing by Nick Macfie and Alex Richardson)(For more stories visit our multimedia website "Road to Beijing" here; and see our blog at blogs.reuters.com/china)
Nick Macfie and Alex Richardson
33
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/04/22/naleo-32nd-convention-idUSnPn4zz8YM%2B83%2BPRN20150422
Republican and Democratic Presidential Candidates Invited to Join NALEO in Las Vegas for Nation's Largest Latino Political Convention
Wed Apr 22, 2015 3:00pm EDT
    Republican and Democratic Presidential Candidates Invited to Join NALEO in Las Vegas for Nation's Largest Latino Political Convention More than 1200 Latino policymakers and leaders are expected to attend the NALEO presidential candidate forums that will be held during their annual conference from June 17-19, 2015 PR Newswire WASHINGTON, April 22, 2015   WASHINGTON, April 22, 2015 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- Less than 18 months before the Latino electorate is expected to exercise its critical influence in the outcome of Election 2016, the National Association of Latino Elected and Appointed Officials (NALEO) will assemble the largest gathering of Latino policymakers in the country for the NALEO 32nd Annual Conference in Las Vegas, Nevada.  The three-day event, which is expected to draw more than 1200 Latino elected officials and national leaders, will be held from June 17-19, 2015 at the Aria Resort and Casino.  As part of the Annual Conference, NALEO has invited candidates vying for the White House to address the nation's Latino elected and appointed officials during the organization's Republican (June 17) and Democratic (June 18) Presidential candidate forums."The road to the White House in 2016 runs through the Latino community," said Arturo Vargas, NALEO Executive Director.  "We expect the nation's presidential candidates to join us in Las Vegas to address the nation's Latino officials and the most pressing issues facing the Latino community today."The NALEO Annual Conference has emerged as the preeminent forum for our nation's leadership to engage Latino officials and the millions of constituents NALEO members represent.  Previous conferences have featured President Barack Obama, Governor Mitt Romney, Secretary Hillary Clinton, Governor Jeb Bush, Vice President Joe Biden, U.S. Senator Marco Rubio, U.S. Senator John McCain and others.In addition to the Presidential candidate forums, conference attendees will also participate in panel discussions on various issues on the national agenda, including immigration reform and Administrative Relief, the 50th anniversary of the Voting Rights Act, improving Latino student outcomes, community policing post-Ferguson, human trafficking, and an overview of Nevada political leadership and the role of Latinos in Election 2016.  The NALEO 32nd Annual Conference is made possible through the generous support of Presenting Sponsors, Toyota and Walmart. This event is open to press.  More information can be found on the NALEO website at http://www.naleo.org/lasvegas2015/.What: NALEO 32nd Annual ConferenceWho: NALEO, the leadership organization of the nation's more than 6,000 Latino elected and appointed officials.When: June 17-19, 2015 Republican Presidential Candidate ForumJune 17, 2015 – 11:30 a.m. – 1 p.m. (PDT)Democratic Presidential Candidate ForumJune 18, 2015 – 11:30 a.m. – 1 p.m. (PDT)Where: Aria Resort and Casino3730 South Las Vegas BoulevardLas Vegas, NV 89109 Media: Advance registration is required.  To register, please contact Amanda Bosquez (abosquez@naleo.org; 202-546-2536) or Paula Valle Castanon (pvalle@naleo.org; 213-765-9414).About NALEO The National Association of Latino Elected and Appointed Officials is the leadership organization of the nation's more than 6,000 Latino elected and appointed officials.  Contact: Amanda Bosquez, abosquez@naleo.org  (202) 546-2536, (361) 548-6989 (cell)Paula Valle Castanon, pvalle@naleo.org (213) 747-7606 ext. 4414, (323) 253-6431 (cell)  To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/republican-and-democratic-presidential-candidates-invited-to-join-naleo-in-las-vegas-for-nations-largest-latino-political-convention-300070479.htmlSOURCE  National Association of Latino Elected and Appointed Officials (NALEO) 
None
34
http://www.reuters.com/article/2011/06/08/us-financial-bitcoins-idUSTRE7573T320110608
Senators seek crackdown on "Bitcoin" currency
Wed Jun 8, 2011 11:17am EDT
  ST. LOUIS (Thomson Reuters Accelus) - Two senators are pressing federal authorities to crack down on an online black market and "untraceable" digital currency known as Bitcoins after reports that they are used to buy illegal drugs anonymously.Democratic Senators Charles Schumer of New York and Joe Manchin of West Virginia wrote to Attorney General Eric Holder and Drug Enforcement Administration head Michele Leonhart in a letter that expressed concerns about the underground website "Silk Road" and the use of Bitcoins to make purchases there.The letter prompted a discussion among Bitcoin enthusiasts about whether the government was capable of closing related bank accounts and thereby stifling the currency.The senators released a copy of their letter on Monday. It cites recent media reports that some tech-savvy individuals were using an "anonymizing network" known as Tor to gain clandestine access to Silk Road and buy illegal drugs.Silk Road buyers pay with Bitcoins and sellers mail the drugs, the Gawker blog reported. The transactions leave no traditional money trail for investigators to follow, and leave it hard to prove a package recipient knew in advance what was in a shipment."The only method of payment for these illegal purchases is an untraceable peer-to-peer currency known as Bitcoins. After purchasing Bitcoins through an exchange, a user can create an account on Silk Road and start purchasing illegal drugs from individuals around the world and have them delivered to their homes within days," the senators' letter states. "We urge you to take immediate action and shut down the Silk Road network." The DEA is "absolutely" concerned about Bitcoins and other anonymous digital currencies, agency spokeswoman Dawn Dearden said when asked for a response to the senators' concerns."The DEA is constantly evaluating and analyzing new technologies and schemes perpetrated by drug trafficking networks. While we won't confirm or deny the existence of specific investigations, DEA is well aware of these emerging threats and we will act accordingly," she said.Silk Road may be hard to close. It could easily move from server to server around the globe and change its Web address and name at will, while remaining accessible through Tor. However, Bitcoins must be purchased with real money; of late, they have been selling for roughly $10 each.Therefore, there are exchanges with bank accounts, such as the Mt. Gox Bitcoin Exchange, that the Justice Department and other law enforcement agencies may be able to target. It is this weak link that worries the currency's enthusiasts.A discussion thread this week on the primary Bitcoin forum was titled "Will Mt. Gox US Bank accounts eventually get frozen?" Some speculated that if the government bans transactions involving Bitcoin exchanges, a layer of shell companies might allow them to continue. One user described this process as simply "growing pains" and asserted that the government "can't stop a peer-to-peer service."U.S. law enforcers might have difficulty stopping Bitcoins without help from their peers in other countries.While little information about Bitcoin exchanges is publicly available, an item posted on a website called Bitcoin Watch states that Mt. Gox's bank account is in Japan, and anecdotal evidence suggests many other exchanges operate outside of the US.Mt. Gox's website does not list a phone number, representatives could not be reached via email.(Editing by Randall Mikkelsen)
Randall Mikkelsen
35
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/01/16/markets-stocks-usa-idUSL1N0UV18720150116
Wall St Week Ahead -For U.S. stocks, investors mull a correction
Fri Jan 16, 2015 4:31pm EST
  NEW YORK Jan 16 Next week may show whether U.S. stocks are finally undergoing a long-awaited correction or if a recent run of losses are just a bump on the road to more gains.It's been more than three years since the S&P 500 has dropped 10 percent or more. This month, the benchmark index fell five sessions in a row, from Jan. 8 through Jan. 15, shedding more than 3 percent in the process. Since December 29, the index has fallen almost 5 percent through Thursday's close.What to make of the declines is less clear. The selloff has left shares more reasonably priced: The forward looking price/earnings ratio of the S&P 500 stood at 16 on Friday, down from 20 at the end of 2014.U.S. investors have been spooked by a collapse in commodities and may not be sure whether that's a signal to buy or sell. Oil prices have fallen in half in recent months, trading below $50 a barrel at around six-year lows. That's cut gasoline prices for Americans and helped U.S. consumer sentiment hit an 11-year high in January, data showed on Friday.At the same time, lower crude prices indicate global demand is slowing, potentially depriving U.S. companies of markets they need to boost profits.Prices for copper, regarded as an indicator for global economic activity because of its uses in construction and telecommunications, fell 8 percent this week to five-and-a-half year lows. Adding to uncertainty was Thursday's move by the Swiss National Bank to scrap a three-year-old currency cap, an about-face that sent the Swiss franc soaring against the euro. Shares of Swiss exporters tumbled as a result.The dollar also rose to an 11-year high against the euro on Friday. The greenback has gained steadily against a basket of major currencies for months, rising about 16 percent as of the end of June. Those gains are a double-edged sword. U.S. exporters will now find their goods more expensive, and therefore harder to sell, abroad. A strengthened currency, though, helps fight inflation, which could encourage the U.S. Federal Reserve to keep its accommodative stance awhile longer to help boost economic growth.In the week through Jan. 14, both retail and institutional investors pulled money out of stock funds and instead put cash to work in bond funds, according to data from Lipper, a Thomson Reuters unit.U.S.-based stock funds saw $4.1 billion in outflows over that week. In contrast, bond funds added $4.3 billion in net new cash. Earnings reports may not offer much reassurance. Of the 40 S&P 500 companies that have reported through Friday morning, 55 percent have beat analyst revenue expectations and 77.5 percent have beat earnings expectations - but forecasts had been revised down sharply in recent weeks, according to Thomson Reuters data.Key earnings reports due next week include Dow Jones components Morgan Stanley, IBM, American Express  and Johnson & Johnson. Wall Street still expects overall earnings of S&P 500 companies to rise 3.5 percent for the fourth quarter, but that's off from the 11 percent consensus that prevailed on Oct. 1.For some investors, the recent dip is a buying opportunity after stocks hit a series of record highs in the last year."We're in buying mode now, and are absolutely pleased to be able to pick up some stocks we're excited about while investors are putting them on sale," said Lamar Villere, a portfolio manager at Villere & Co, which has about $3 billion in assets under management. He's been buying real estate developer Howard Hughes Corp, LKQ, a provider of auto replacement parts and  DST Systems, a software development company.Next week other shoppers may bring their lists to market, shrugging off the events that sent stocks lower this week."I believe it's more likely to be noise than part of a broader correction," said Ed Keon, a portfolio manager at Quantitative Management Associates, a Prudential Financial company, where he helps manage more than $60 billion.   (Reporting by Luciana Lopez; additional reporting by Linda Stern and Caroline Valetkevitch. Editing by Linda Stern and John Pickering.)
Luciana Lopez
36
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/03/31/us-china-funds-idUSKBN0MR0E420150331
China funds cut equity allocations to six-month low on fears of overheating: Reuters poll
Tue Mar 31, 2015 3:18am EDT
  SHANGHAI Chinese fund managers cut the proportion of their portfolios to be invested in stocks over the next three months to a six-month low, a Reuters poll shows, reflecting concerns that the mainland market may be overheating after a torrid rally.The benchmark Shanghai Composite Index .SSEC has gained over 17 percent so far this year, on top of a 50 percent surge in 2014, as Chinese authorities steadily ease policy and roll out stimulus measures to prevent a sharp economic slowdown.    Chinese fund managers cut their suggested equity allocation for the next three months to 79.4 percent from 83.3 percent, according to a poll of eight China-based fund managers conducted this week. Funds increased their suggested bond allocation to 10.8 percent from 7.9 percent a month ago, and upped cash weightings to 9.9 percent from 8.8 percent in February. "The short-term risk is the transition of market habits and any policy changes that may come after the rally," said a Shanghai-based fund manager, who declined to be identified because he is not allowed to speak to the media. Currently, the only reason for the rally is funds flowing into the market as a result of monetary easing, he added. Indeed, many companies have been reporting weaker earnings and pressure on profit margins as economic growth slows. This month, suggested allocations to electronics stocks rose to a nine-month high, while those connected to China's plan to build a modern Silk Road, such as transport, infrastructure and machinery, also increased. China stocks jumped nearly 2 percent to seven-year highs on Monday after Beijing unveiled details of the plan to improve transport links and trade ties from China to Central Asia, Europe and Africa.  In contrast, suggested allocations to consumer and finance stocks fell.The average recommended allocation for electronics stocks rose to 19.1 percent from 13.1 percent last month, while transport infrastructure and machinery increased to 7.5 percent and 10 percent from 6.7 percent and 8.3 percent, respectively. The poll was conducted before Beijing's latest easing measures late on Monday. Downpayment requirements on homes were cut for the second time in six months, as authorities step up their fight against sliding house prices which are imperiling the world's second-biggest economy. (1 US dollar = 6.1143 Chinese yuan) (Reporting by David Lin; Writing by Engen Tham; Editing by Kim Coghill)
David Lin
37
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/05/01/usa-new-mexico-nuclear-idUSL1N0XR42M20150501
U.S. government to pay New Mexico $73 million over radiation leak
Thu Apr 30, 2015 8:07pm EDT
  April 30 The U.S. Energy Department will pay New Mexico $73 million in road and other infrastructure projects for violations by an underground nuclear waste dump and nuclear research lab that led to a radiation leak last year, officials said on Thursday.The deal struck between the department and New Mexico forgoes fines and instead applies funds to upgrades to federal nuclear facilities and surrounding communities in the state, according to settlement documents.Projects include construction of a $5 million emergency operations center in Carlsbad, near where the nuclear waste dump leaked radiation in February 2014.The leak at the Waste Isolation Pilot Plant, or WIPP, exposed 22 workers to radiation in amounts not expected to threaten their health, and indefinitely suspended key operations at the site, the Energy Department's only permanent underground disposal facility for certain types of radiological waste from U.S. nuclear labs. The radiation accident was caused by "chemically incompatible" contents, including cat litter, which reacted in a barrel of waste and caused it to rupture, according to a federal probe of the mishap.The breached drum containing radioisotopes such as plutonium was improperly packaged with the wrong sort of kitty litter - used as an absorbent - at the Los Alamos National Laboratory near Santa Fe before it arrived at WIPP for disposal, investigators found. New Mexico Governor Susana Martinez said in a statement that funds from the settlement "will be used to continue ensuring the safety and success of these important facilities, the people who work there, and their local communities."The deal includes $34 million to improve roads around the WIPP site, $12 million to improve nuclear waste transportation routes in and around Los Alamos, and $9.5 million in storm-water management upgrades at the lab's complex. In addition, it provides $10 million for improvements to water infrastructure in and around Los Alamos, and $2.75 million for an independent compliance and operational review.In a statement, U.S. Energy Secretary Ernest Moniz said: "I am pleased that we were able to find a solution that will allow the Department to focus on resuming operations at WIPP and improving our waste management operations, while providing benefit to the environment and to local communities in New Mexico."Energy Department officials have estimated the cost of the initial recovery of the dump at $240 million and said it might be two years or more before it is fully operational.(Reporting by Laura Zuckerman in Salmon, Idaho; Editing by Daniel Wallis)
Laura Zuckerman in Salmon, Idaho
38
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/11/27/us-australia-silkroad-extradition-idUSKCN0JB0IQ20141127
Australian extradited to U.S. in Silk Road online drugs bazaar case
Thu Nov 27, 2014 2:36am EST
  SYDNEY Australia has extradited a man to the United States to face trial for alleged involvement in Silk Road, a website where people bought illegal drugs like heroin using digital currency bitcoin, a government official said on Thursday.Peter Phillip Nash, 41, from Queensland, and two other men were charged with conspiracy to engage in narcotics trafficking, computer hacking and money laundering in relation to the website in December."I confirm that Peter Nash was surrendered to the United States pursuant to a request for his extradition," a spokeswoman for the Attorney General's Department told Reuters, without specifying when Nash left or when he would face trial. "The United States sought Mr Nash's extradition for prosecution for conspiracy to traffic narcotics, conspiracy to commit computer hacking and conspiracy to commit money laundering."The two other accused, aged 24 and 25, were arrested in the United States and Ireland and were administrators for the website, while Nash was a primary moderator, the U.S. indictment, made public in December, said. The charges followed the arrest in October 2013 of alleged Silk Road founder Ross Ulbricht, who is known online as "Dread Pirate Roberts and who faces trial in January. The U.S. indictment said Nash and the two younger men were part of Ulbricht's "small support staff" for Silk Road with salaries ranging from $50,000 to $75,000 a year. (Editing by Nick Macfie)
Nick Macfie
39
http://www.reuters.com/article/2007/02/18/us-israel-sex-idUSL185876020070218
Sex in fast lane halts traffic on road
Sun Feb 18, 2007 12:24pm EST
  JERUSALEM Israeli police investigating why a car was blocking traffic in the fast lane of a major highway Sunday found a couple inside having sex.A police spokesman said the female driver and her male passenger gave in to their passions without pulling over to the side of the road, causing congestion and leaving other motorists having to swerve to dodge their stationary vehicle.  A patrolman gave the woman a ticket for holding up traffic. 
None
40
http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/10/26/net-us-crime-silkroad-seizure-idUSBRE99P01620131026
U.S. seizes $28 million in bitcoins from man linked to online drug market
Fri Oct 25, 2013 9:22pm EDT
  NEW YORK U.S. authorities have seized an estimated $28 million in the digital currency bitcoins from the alleged owner of "Silk Road," the online marketplace for drugs and criminal activity that law enforcement shut down three weeks ago.Federal prosecutors in New York said Friday that the 144,336 bitcoins, a digital currency widely used on the defunct site, were discovered on computer hardware belonging to Ross William Ulbricht, known online as "Dread Pirate Roberts," who was arrested October 1 in San Francisco and charged with various conspiracy counts. They said it represented the largest ever bitcoin seizure.Ulbricht's lawyer could not immediately be reached on Friday evening, though he previously told reporters that Ulbricht denied the charges.Since it began operations in 2011, Silk Road provided an anonymous site where drug dealers, counterfeiters and other criminals could shop for everything from heroin to hit men, according to the Justice Department. More than 900,000 registered users of the site bought and sold drugs using bitcoins, according to authorities. The currency, which has been around since 2008, first came under scrutiny by law enforcement officials in mid-2011 after media reports surfaced linking bitcoins to Silk Road. With nearly 30,000 bitcoins previously seized, federal agents have now collected more than $33 million in bitcoins, based on current value, the U.S. Attorney's Office in Manhattan said.The seizures were carried out as part of a corresponding civil action against Silk Road and Ulbricht. Ulbricht, who is detained in California, is expected to appear within weeks in Manhattan federal court to face criminal charges of narcotics trafficking conspiracy, computer hacking conspiracy and money laundering conspiracy. Court documents allege that Silk Road saw some $1.2 billion in bitcoins change hands during more than two years of operation and charged between 8 and 15 percent in commissions.(Reporting by Joseph Ax; Editing by Lisa Shumaker)
Joseph Ax
41
http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/11/27/bitcoin-trade-idUSL2N0JC19320131127
UPDATE 2-Bitcoin price zooms through $1,000 as enthusiasm grows
Wed Nov 27, 2013 2:26pm EST
  By Wanfeng ZhouNEW YORK Nov 27 (Reuters) - The price of the digital currency bitcoin soared above $1,000 for the first time on Wednesday, extending a 400 percent surge in less than a month that some see as a growing bubble in an asset that is still a mystery to many.Bitcoin hit a high of $1,073 on Tokyo-based exchange Mt. Gox, the best-known operator of a bitcoin digital marketplace, compared with just below $900 the previous day.At the beginning of the month, bitcoin, a prominent digital currency that is not backed by a government or central bank, traded at around $215. The spike in its price has some believing that it has become overvalued in a short period of time, owing to its limited supply and increasing demand."A narrow asset class and lots of liquidity is the perfect environment for a rapid burst up in value, and then corrections," said Sebastien Galy, a currency strategist at Societe Generale in New York. Bitcoin trades 24 hours a day, every day. The supply of the currency, which is "mined" by solving math problems, is limited, and recently stood at 12 million bitcoins, worth about $12.9 billion at recent prices.Bitcoin is not backed by physical assets and is not run by any person or group. Its value depends on people's confidence in the currency. It has been gaining acceptance by the general public and investment community but has yet to become an accepted form of payment on the websites of major retailers such as Amazon.com.Earlier in the month, the U.S. Senate held a hearing on virtual currencies, with some officials expressing concern that it is notable for its use in criminal activity and that there is a lack of regulatory oversight. But bitcoin advocates say last week's Senate hearing gave more legitimacy to the currency, in part fueling the gains."It isn't just the bitcoin community saying that bitcoin is used for good things and there's a lot of great potential. We have members of Congress and government agencies who all agree," said Jinyoung Lee Englund, spokeswoman for the Bitcoin Foundation in Washington. (Edward Hadas: Bitcoin a step back not forward  )Bitcoin is valued by many users for its anonymity. But government officials expressed concerns that many virtual currency services do not have the proper controls in place to prevent illegal activities such as money laundering."Virtual currencies, perhaps most notably Bitcoin, have captured the imagination of some, struck fear among others and confused the heck out of the rest of us," Senator Thomas Carper told the Senate Homeland Security Committee earlier this month.In October, federal authorities shut down an online marketplace called Silk Road that was used for purchasing drugs and hiring hit men. Authorities seized $3.6 million worth of bitcoin, which was used instead of cash or credit cards to complete transactions on Silk Road.More than 200 bitcoin businesses and other merchants are participating in a bitcoin Black Friday shopping event, where users can buy everything from airplane tickets to Christmas trees to organic beer.
None
42
http://www.reuters.com/article/2007/10/24/us-syria-aleppo-cuisine-idUSL2450249520071024
Ancient Aleppo cuisine tastes of conquest and trade
Wed Oct 24, 2007 11:04am EDT
  ALEPPO, Syria (Reuters Life!) - Chef Yann Ghazal minces onion, bulgur, lamb and sun-dried chili paste according to an ancient recipe for quince kubbeh, a sweet and sour delicacy influenced by Aleppo's trade with China.The blend is shaped into an oval and filled with meat, nuts and onions. A sauce of quince pieces, garlic, pomegranate molasses and mint distinguishes the dish from 40 kubbeh varieties still made in homes across one of the oldest inhabited cities on the planet."If you mince the raw kubbeh too much you lose the crunchy taste. The meat is young lamb that is grazed on nothing but wild pastures," Ghazal said, while mincing by hand and adding water to the mixture in a clay bowl."All ingredients are organic and most are grown around Aleppo. There is good appreciation of taste here," said the 25-year-old chef who trained at the Pourcel Brothers in France before returning to his home city.With silk road fame and cosmopolitan prosperity, today's Syrian city of Aleppo was the culinary capital of the Middle East before cultural and commercial decline took its toll.Syria is opening up its economy in the last few years after decades of nationalization and state control and reviving interest in the city's cuisine.A recipe for quince kubbeh was found documented in an 800-year-old book on Aleppan cooking. The cuisine traces its origins to various invaders who coveted the great city, from Seljuks, Mamluks, Ottomans as well as Armenian and Circassian refugees. Recipes have even come from Africa through Yemen.Aleppo shares with the Iraqi city of Mosul a specialty for rice kubbeh, which does without the traditional bulgur, a crushed and partially boiled cereal mix. The two cities have ancient family and trading links. Thousands of Iraqis refugees fled to Aleppo after the 2003 U.S. invasion of Iraq and a lot of Iraqi dishes are being incorporated into menus at food stalls which dot the streets.But Abu Nabhan, an Aleppo institution in the Khan al-Wazeer district, still does brisk business only selling grilled or fried liver, called melak mutajan, the same phrase used to describe an overbearing person. A street in Bab Jenin district is dominated by shops selling zatar, a thyme mix.Unlike a number of Aleppo restaurants, Ghazal does not use copious amounts of fat and has built upon his French training to develop dishes he first learnt from his mother.Now Ghazal serves ice-cream with mamounieh, the simpler of usually sophisticated Aleppan desserts. Mamounieh is made from water, sugar, ghee butter and semolina. Ghazal has also created a dish of humus mousse cake wrapped in a layer of dried meat as part of a buffet he oversees at Aleppo's Mirage Hotel."Chefs in France have started mixing Aleppan and European food and customers like it," Ghazal said. ACADEMYThe young chef was lured back to Syria by Nauman Wannes, a founding member of the Syrian Academy of Gastronomy, which started a few years ago in Aleppo to preserve and develop the city's culinary tradition.The international Academy of Gastronomy in Paris has awarded Aleppo a cultural gastronomy prize and a delegation from the Istanbul branch lately visited Aleppo, which has dishes similar to ones known in Turkey."Aleppo's location has been key. There are also dishes that are not found even just outside city limits," said Wannes, whose upbringing reflects the turbulence, tolerance and cultures that crossed Aleppo and influenced its cuisine. Wannes' father Najdat studied pharmacy during the Ottoman Empire in Istanbul, where he met his Austrian wife. He returned to Syria and became a leading opponent of the 1920-1946 French occupation but still sent his son to study medicine in France.Academy member Aida Gorani said Turkey's influence could be mostly seen in Aleppan pastries and vegetarian dishes."It's still common to find Aleppans who speak Turkish or have a Turkish aunt or grandparent," said Gorani while sampling an aubergine filled with chickpeas and bulgur.A lunch organized by the academy showcased salads, appetizers and main courses from daily Aleppan home cuisines that take hours to prepare.Thyme leafs decorate olive salad, another salad combines pickles and vegetables, parsley omelettes have no milk and served cold, yogurt sauce covers a zucchini (courgette) dish and green peppers are stuffed with frikeh, or roasted green wheat."I live between France, Egypt and Lebanon, but this food is unavailable anywhere," said Abboud Ghantous, a Syrian who runs a steel trading conglomerate.Majd Hinedi, another expatriate businessman who is planning to settle back in the city, said they were still families in Aleppo who guard famous dishes they have been exclusively making for centuries."Get a few Aleppans together and the conversation naturally turns toward food," Hinedi said. "In Aleppo, cuisine is the equivalent of art."
None
43
http://www.reuters.com/article/slideshow/idUSBREA4I0VV20140520
44
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/03/28/us-china-economy-oneroad-idUSKBN0MO07S20150328
China to urge firms to sell bonds overseas to fund new Silk Road to Europe: Xinhua
Sat Mar 28, 2015 3:56am EDT
  China will encourage local companies to issue bonds overseas to fund projects to create a modern Silk Road, a plan to boost connectivity across Asia for which it has created a $40 billion fund, according to a framework agreement released on Saturday by the official Xinhua news agency.The so-called "One belt, One road" initiative to link Asia to Europe and Africa is the latest step by China to extend its global influence, even as it works to sign up more countries to its Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank (AIIB).Speaking at an official launching ceremony in the southern city of Boao on Saturday, the country's top diplomat Yang Jiechi said the scheme was a "win win" for China and its neighbors in Asia and further afield and called for more countries to join.       The official name of the plan refers to Beijing's vision of creating a modern Silk Road Economic Belt and a 21st Century Maritime Silk Road to boost trade and strengthen global economic ties. Projects would include a network of railways, highways and other infrastructure, as well as oil and gas pipelines, power grids and Internet networks.Bonds issued to finance the projects may be denominated in yuan or other currencies. China will also support private investment in key projects, according to the framework, but it did not clarify whether foreign companies would be allowed to invest.  Sectors expected to benefit from the plan include the resource industry, as the route will allow for greater mineral exploration, and agriculture.  (Reporting By Engen Tham; Editing by Kim Coghill)
Engen Tham
45
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/02/19/senegal-railway-idUSL5N0VT4K720150219
Senegal pledges $500 mln railway to southern Casamance region
Thu Feb 19, 2015 12:36pm EST
  ZIGUINCHOR, Senegal Feb 19 Senegal's President Macky Sall pledged on Thursday to build a $500 million railway linking the capital, Dakar, to the southern Casamance region, cut off for years by insecurity and underinvestment.Currently visiting Casamance, Sall said he planned to offer incentives including tax breaks to tourist operators who invest in the zone, which was once a popular French holiday destination but has endured years of neglect and low-level rebellion.Casamance is a fertile, beach-fringed chunk of Senegal wedged between Gambia to the north and Guinea-Bissau to the south. Mediators have failed to end a separatist rebellion now in its fourth decade despite little heavy fighting.The proposed railway between Dakar and Ziguinchor, Casamance's regional capital, would skirt around Gambia and pass through Tambacounda, a mining region in Senegal's east. Sall said a feasibility study had been completed but did not say when construction would begin on the project."This is an important project that will link up the southeastern, western and centre regions, while also helping trade with the sub-region and the exploitation of our mineral assets," Sall said. Firms operating in Tambacounda currently have to supply operations and transport minerals by road.Casamance is a potential breadbasket for Senegal but transport links to the region are poor. Options range from travelling by ferry, driving through Gambia or driving on poor roads that pass through Tambacounda. Having once welcomed as many as 50,000 tourists a year, Casamance has seen visitor numbers plummet over the last decade due to a combination of factors, ranging from the on-off rebellion to high taxes and inaccessibility of the region.Sall said his government would soon propose to parliament a law giving Casamance a status as a priority tourist destination. Tour operators who set up shop there would be exempt from paying tax for 10 years, he said.Separatist took up arms in Casamance over 30 years ago. Although there are sporadic bouts of fighting, the conflict is largely dormant and the lines between independence struggle and criminality are often blurred.   (Reporting by Diadie Ba; Writing by David Lewis; Editing by Dominic Evans)
Diadie Ba
46
http://www.reuters.com/article/2010/12/18/us-pakistan-china-idUSTRE6BH17B20101218
Fresh from India, Wen builds Pakistan trade ties
Sat Dec 18, 2010 5:48pm EST
  ISLAMABAD Pakistani and Chinese businessmen signed deals worth $15 billion on Saturday as Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao demonstrated Beijing's assertive trade diplomacy on a visit to Islamabad.The 18 deals signed by the private sector added to nearly $20 billion worth of agreements concluded by the governments of the two countries during Wen's trip, which came hard on the heels of his visit to Pakistan's rival, India.The latest contracts cover cooperation in oil and gas, mining, space technology, heavy machinery manufacturing, seafood, oceanology and electronics.While boosting trade and investment has been the main focus of Wen's visit -- the first in five years by a Chinese premier -- analysts say the trip is largely aimed at giving assurance to old friend Pakistan that China's improving ties with India do not come at Islamabad's expense.Wen signed $16 billion in deals in India before arriving in Islamabad on Friday, but his visit to Pakistan was about more than money. "It's a clear signal of China's growing, assertive diplomacy," said independent analyst Hamayoun Khan.Khan said China was investing in Pakistan to such a large degree for two reasons: because it sees the country as a genuine friend, and because it irks India. Sino-Indian relations have been dogged by long-standing border disputes, which led to a war nearly four decades ago. Since then, though, the world's two fastest-growing big economies have forged a major trade relationship over the years."They (China) do not want Pakistan to be entirely dependent on the United States and the International Monetary Fund, and then get dictation from them," Khan said."China's massive investment in this time proves two things. One is that China is a genuine ally of Pakistan, and second, it is a clear signal to the U.S. that if the U.S. supports India against China, China will support Pakistan." Such naked displays of realpolitik were not on display in Islamabad, however."To further advance our strategic partnership and cooperation is the firm policy of the Chinese government," Wen said at a banquet hosted by Pakistani Prime Minister Yusuf Raza Gilani. "Under no circumstances, will we waver in our commitment to pursuing this partnership."Gilani said cooperation between Islamabad and Beijing was "not directed against any country." PAKISTAN-CHINA RELATIONS IRK INDIAChina is the main supplier of military hardware to Pakistan. It has also helped Pakistan to build its main nuclear power generation facility and is helping construct another one.Pakistani diplomats like to refer to China as an "all-weather friend" whose needs -- strategic and economic -- fit in with what Pakistan wants and has to offer.China wants to use Pakistan as a gateway to the Muslim world and as a new Silk Road for China's energy-hungry interior, as well as a balance against India's military rise.Pakistan, in turn, plans to further rely on China for the bulk of its weapon systems, as a major investor for its ports and roads, and as a counterweight to American demands and conditions in the fight against Islamist militancy.(Additional reporting by Chris Allbritton; Editing by Mark Trevelyan)
None
47
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/11/17/us-bitcoin-auction-idUSKCN0J11UJ20141117
U.S. to auction 50,000 bitcoins seized in Silk Road case
Mon Nov 17, 2014 3:11pm EST
  NEW YORK The U.S. Marshals Service said Monday it will auction 50,000 bitcoins seized during the prosecution of the alleged owner of Silk Road, an Internet black-market bazaar where authorities say illegal drugs and other goods could be bought.An online auction is scheduled for Dec. 4 for the bitcoins, valued at nearly $19.8 million. It would be the Marshals Service's second such auction following an earlier one in June for almost 30,000 bitcoins seized during the 2013 raid on Silk Road.The latest batch of bitcoins was found on computer hardware authorities said belonged to Ross Ulbricht, who prosecutors accuse of creating the underground website.Authorities say in pursuing the case, the government has recovered 173,991 bitcoins, including about 144,336 recovered from computer hardware belonging to Ulbricht seized at the time of his arrest.As part of a civil forfeiture proceeding, Ulbricht and the government in January reached a deal in which the bitcoins on his hardware would be sold, with the proceeds to be held pending the outcome of his case. Potential bidders for the 50,000 bitcoins, which will be offered in 20 blocks, must register by Dec. 1. Winners will be notified Dec. 5.The remaining 94,341 bitcoins from Ulbricht's hardware will be auctioned "in the coming months," said Lynne Donahue, a Marshals Service spokeswoman.The previous set of 29,655 bitcoins, which were recovered from Silk Road's servers, were won at auction by a single bidder, Silicon Valley venture capitalist Tim Draper. Terms were not disclosed. Ulbricht, who prosecutors said was known online as "Dread Pirate Roberts," faces trial Jan. 5 on charges including conspiracy, narcotics trafficking, and continuing criminal enterprise.Ulbricht, 30, has pleaded not guilty. His lawyer declined comment Monday. Bitcoin prices were up 1.79 percent Friday at $395.49 per coin, according to the digital currency news website CoinDesk.(This version of the story corrects description of CoinDesk in last paragraph to clarify that it is a news website) (Reporting by Nate Raymond in New York; Editing by James Dalgleish and Dan Grebler)
Nate Raymond in New York
48
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/03/30/markets-china-stocks-close-idUSZZN2RF20020150330
China stocks surge to 7-yr highs on Silk Road building project, easing hopes
Mon Mar 30, 2015 3:13am EDT
  SHANGHAI, March 30 China stocks surged to seven-year highs on Monday on hopes that more infrastructure spending and policy stimulus will re-energise the cooling economy and boost corporate profits.The CSI300 index of the largest listed companies in Shanghai and Shenzhen rose 2.9 percent, to 4,088.18 points, while the Shanghai Composite Index gained 2.6 percent, to 3,786.57 points.Infrastructure-related shares climbed 5.6 percent  after Beijing unveiled details of an ambitious plan to improve links from Asia to Europe and Africa.The project, a network of railways, highways and other infrastructure, would create a new Silk Road that President Xi Jinping said would in a decade generate $2.5 trillion in annual trade with the countries involved. Shares were also supported by dovish comments from central bank Governor Zhou Xiaochuan at the weekend that reinforced expectations for further monetary easing to support the slowing economy.In addition, investor enthusiasm got a boost from a commentary in Monday's People's Daily saying China's bull market can aid the country's economic restructuring. The article from the Communist Party's mouthpiece added to signs that policymakers support the stock market's rise, despite some analysts' concerns that prices have run up too much, too fast. Among the most active stocks in Shanghai were China State Construction, up 10.0 percent to 7.94 yuan; Bank Of China, up 3.2 percent to 4.46 yuan; and Agricultural Bank Of China, up 2.8 percent to 3.74 yuan. In Shenzhen, BOE Technology, up 1.5 percent to 4.10 yuan; Vanke, up 6.7 percent to 14.24 yuan and Zoomlion, up 10.0 percent to 7.56 yuan were among the most actively traded.Property shares surged more than 7 percent on rumours that the central bank would hold an emergency news conference in the afternoon, which the People's Bank of China later denied.Total volume of A shares traded in Shanghai was 56.3 billion shares, while Shenzhen volume was 29.7 billion shares.    (Reporting by Samuel Shen and Pete Sweeney; Editing by Kim Coghill)
Samuel Shen and Pete Sweeney
49
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/01/27/idUSnCCNblKDXt%2B1ce%2BMKW20140127
Silk Road Energy Inc. Announces Acquisition Agreement and Completion of Qualifying Transaction
Mon Jan 27, 2014 6:21pm EST
    Silk Road Energy Inc. Announces Acquisition Agreement and Completion of Qualifying Transaction     CALGARY, ALBERTA--(Marketwired - Jan. 27, 2014) - NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION TO U.S. NEWSWIRE SERVICES OR FOR DISSEMINATION IN THE UNITED STATES. ANY FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THIS RESTRICTION MAY CONSTITUTE A VIOLATION OF U.S. SECURITIES LAWS.Silk Road Energy Inc. (the "Corporation" or "Silk Road") (TSX VENTURE:SLK.P) is pleased to announce that the Corporation has entered into a formal acquisition agreement ("Acquisition Agreement") with Gold Note Resources Inc. ("Gold Note"), pursuant to which the Corporation has completed the purchase of certain oil production, oil and gas reserves, lands, leases and miscellaneous interests held by Gold Note in the Bashaw, Columbia and Thornbury areas of Alberta (the "Acquisition"). The Acquisition constitutes the Corporation's qualifying transaction (the "Qualifying Transaction") under the applicable policies of the TSX Venture Exchange (the "TSXV"), as further set out in the press releases of the Corporation dated November 7, 2013 and December 23, 2013 and the Corporation's filing statement dated December 23, 2013 (the "Filing Statement"), all as filed on the Corporation's SEDAR profile at www.sedar.com. The Corporation is incorporated under the provisions of the Business Corporations Act (Alberta) and has a registered office in Calgary, Alberta. Silk Road is a "reporting issuer" (as defined under applicable securities law) in the provinces of British Columbia, Alberta and Ontario. Gold Note is a private corporation incorporated under the provisions of the Canada Business Corporations Act with its registered and head office in Montreal, Quebec. Michael Judson of Westmount, Quebec is the sole director and sole voting shareholder of Gold Note. The Qualifying Transaction has been carried out by parties dealing at arm's length to one another and therefore is not considered to be a Non-Arm's Length Qualifying Transaction, as such term is defined in the policies of the TSXV. As a result, a meeting of the shareholders of the Corporation to approve the Acquisition is not a condition required to complete the Qualifying Transaction.  Assuming that all TSXV conditions are satisfied and assuming that the Corporation receives from the TSXV final TSXV approval of the Acquisition as the Qualifying Transaction of the Corporation, the Corporation will no longer be considered a Capital Pool Company (as defined under TSXV policies). It is expected that the Corporation will meet the Initial Listing Requirements for a Tier 2 oil and gas issuer under the policies of the TSXV, and will resume trading under the stock symbol "SLK" on or about January 29, 2014. Acquisition Agreement Pursuant to the terms of the Acquisition Agreement, the Corporation purchased, on industry standard terms, certain non-operated petroleum and natural gas rights, oil and gas production, tangibles, oil and gas reserves, lands, leases and miscellaneous interests including seven (7) gross producing wells (the "Assets") located in the Bashaw, Columbia and Thornbury areas in Alberta, Canada for an aggregate purchase price of $500,000 inclusive of applicable taxes and in Canadian funds, payable by way of 2,352,941 common shares of Silk Road ("Consideration Shares") at a deemed price of $0.17 per Common Share and $100,000 cash. The Consideration Shares are subject to the terms and conditions of an escrow agreement between Silk Road, Gold Note, and Olympia Trust Company dated January 24, 2014, which is available for review on the Corporation's SEDAR profile at www.sedar.com. The completion of the Acquisition by the Corporation has been approved by the board of directors of the Corporation and the Acquisition has been conditionally approved by the TSXV as the Qualifying Transaction of the Corporation pursuant to a conditional acceptance letter dated December 20, 2013. The completion of the Acquisition as the Qualifying Transaction of the Corporation is subject to final approval of the TSXV, assuming that all TSXV conditions are satisfied. The conditions above do not necessarily represent a complete list of all the conditions contained in the Acquisition Agreement. They are, however, conditions that may be reasonably considered to be material to the completion of the Acquisition by the Corporation. Summary of Financial Information of the Assets The following table sets forth certain select annual audited and interim unaudited financial and operational information of the Assets for the periods indicated.     Six months ended September 30, 2013 (unaudited)   Six months                      ended                     September 30, 2012                      (unaudited)   Year                      ended                      March 31, 2013                     (audited)   Year                      ended                      March 31,                      2012                     (audited)   Year                      ended                      March 31,                      2011                     (audited)     Revenue                        Petroleum sales $ 238,325   $ 201,465   $ 436,663   $ 518,008   $ 622,329       Royalty expenses   (73,412 )   (48,114 )   (103,089 )   (118,864 )   (141,430 )       164,913     153,351     333,574     399,144     480,899     Expenses             Production Costs   103,842     127,446     241,951     247,908     253,923                 Operating income (loss) $ 61,071   $ 25,905   $ 91,623   $ 151,236   $ 226,976    Issuance of Stock Options The Corporation also announces that its board of directors has granted stock options concurrently with the closing of its Qualifying Transaction in respect of an aggregate of 235,294 class A common shares of the Corporation to certain directors, officers, consultants and employees of the Corporation. The exercise price of the options is $.17 per share, with each stock option vesting over three years and expiring five years from the date of grant. The grants are subject to approval of the TSXV. Management of the Resulting Issuer Assuming final TSXV approval of the Acquisition as the Qualifying Transaction of the Corporation is received, the management team of the Corporation and the board of directors of the Corporation will be comprised of the individuals outlined below (the "Management Team"). The following is a brief description of the position, background and experience of the Management Team of the Corporation: Vladimir Katic - Anchorage, Alaska - President, Chief Executive Officer and Director  Mr. Katic is currently the Managing Director of Pacific States Energy LLC, a limited liability corporation formed in the state of California. From May 2000 to September 2009, Mr. Katic was the President, Chief Executive Officer and a director of Pacific Energy Resources Ltd. (formerly Shamrock Resources Inc. - listed on the TSXV), an oil & gas company based in California and listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange. Mr. Katic obtained a Diploma in Petro-Chemical Engineering in 1966 from the University of Zagreb in Croatia. Richard Derrick Colling - Sherwood Park, Alberta - Chief Financial Officer Mr. Colling is a member of the Society of Certified Management Accountants of Alberta with more than 25 years of experience in the field of accounting, both in the banking industry and private practice. He holds a Bachelor of Management (Commerce) from the University of Lethbridge. Patrick Devlin - North Vancouver, British Columbia - Corporate Secretary and Director Mr. Devlin has over 29 years of experience in the securities industry, as a lawyer, regulator, certified management accountant and entrepreneur. From March 2004 to April 2009, Mr. Devlin was a Director and then President, Chief Executive Officer and Director (August 2004 to April 2009) of NEMI Northern Energy & Mining Inc., a mining company listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange. Mr. Devlin was also a Director of Pacific Energy Resources Ltd. (formerly Shamrock Resources Inc. - listed on the TSXV), an oil & gas company, from 1993 to November 2010. Mr. Devlin obtained a Diploma of Technology in Finance from the British Columbia Institute of Technology in May 1974, the designation of Certified Management Account from the University of British Columbia in May 1976, and his Bachelor of Laws from the University of British Columbia in 1981. Zulfikar Rashid - Calgary, Alberta - Director  Mr. Rashid has been the owner of Rodeo Express Delivery Ltd., a mail and courier service, since January 1976. He obtained a Bachelor of Engineering in Electrical and Electronics Engineering from the University of Napier in Edinburgh, Scotland in 1974. Mr. Rashid has also been a member of the Association of Science and Engineering Technology Professionals of Alberta (ASET) since 1976. Michael Judson - Westmount, Quebec - Director Mr. Judson has 20 years of experience forming, financing and operating private and public companies. He has raised approximately $185 million for natural resource exploration and production projects through two public company vehicles. Mr. Judson graduated from Concordia University in 1986 with a Bachelor of Arts (Communication Studies), graduated from the Institute of Corporate Directors (ICD) and the Desautels Faculty of Management, McGill University Directors Education Program in 2007 and became an Institute-Certified Director (ICD.D) in 2011. Dr. Paul Craig - Anchorage, Alaska - Director Dr. Craig is a board-certified clinical neuropsychologist with over twenty-five years of experience. Recognized for his excellence in the field, Dr. Craig has evaluated and/or treated more than 10,000 patients with a broad array of known or suspected psychological and neuropsychological conditions. Dr. Craig is a Clinical Professor in the Department of Psychiatry & Behavioral Sciences at the University of Washington School of Medicine. He has also served as an elected member of the Board of Directors of the American Psychological Association and American Board of Clinical Neuropsychology. Cautionary Statements: Certain statements contained in this press release constitute forward-looking information within the meaning of applicable securities laws. These statements relate to future events or future performance. The use of any of the words "could", "intend", "expect", "believe", "will", "projected", "estimated" and similar expressions and statements relating to matters that are not historical facts are intended to identify forward-looking information and are based on the Corporation's current belief or assumptions as to the outcome and timing of such future events. Forward-looking information included in this press release includes statements with respect to final approval of the TSXV of the Acquisition as the Qualifying Transaction of the Corporation. This press release also contains forward-looking information relating to the management team of the Corporation. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Although the Corporation believes in light of the experience of its officers and directors, current conditions and expected future developments and other factors that have been considered appropriate that the expectations reflected in this forward-looking information are reasonable, undue reliance should not be placed on them because the Corporation can give no assurance that they will prove to be correct. Various assumptions or factors are typically applied in drawing conclusions or making the forecasts or projections set out in forward-looking information. Those assumptions and factors are based on information currently available to the Corporation. The material factors and assumptions include the parties to the agreements underlying the Acquisition being able to obtain the necessary director, shareholder and regulatory approval and TSXV policies not changing. Risk factors that could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from the results expressed or implied by forward-looking information include, among other things: conditions imposed by the TSXV, obligations under the Alberta Licence Liability Rating Program, the Corporation having insufficient financial resources to advance its business, changes in tax laws, general economic and business conditions; and changes in the regulatory environment. Actual results and developments may differ materially from those contemplated by these statements depending on, among other things, the risks that the parties will not proceed with associated transactions, and that the Acquisition and associated transactions will not be successfully approved by the TSXV as the Qualifying Transaction of the Corporation for any reason (including the failure to obtain the required approvals or clearances from regulatory authorities). The statements in this news release are made as of the date of this release.  Completion of the Acquisition as the Qualifying Transaction of the Corporation is subject to a number of conditions, including but not limited to, TSXV acceptance. There can be no assurance that the Acquisition as the Qualifying Transaction of the Corporation will be completed as proposed or at all. Investors are cautioned that, except as disclosed in the Filing Statement, any information released or received with respect to the Acquisition may not be accurate or complete and should not be relied upon. Trading in the securities of a capital pool company should be considered highly speculative. The TSXV has in no way passed upon the merits of the proposed Acquisition and has neither approved nor disapproved the contents of this press release. Neither TSXV Venture Exchange Inc. nor its Regulations Services Provided (as that term is defined in the policies of the TSXV Venture Exchange) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release.    Silk Road Energy Inc. Zulfikar Rashid Director (403) 240-1821     
None
50
http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/03/05/us-usa-economy-services-idUSBRE9240OD20130305
Service sector grows at fastest pace in a year
Tue Mar 5, 2013 10:29am EST
  NEW YORK The pace of growth in the vast U.S. services sector accelerated to its fastest pace in a year in February, helped by a rise in new orders and demand for exports, an industry report showed on Tuesday.The Institute for Supply Management said its services index rose to 56 from 55.2 in January, exceeding economists' forecasts for 55. It was the highest level since February 2012.A reading above 50 indicates expansion in the sector.The new orders index jumped to 58.2 from 54.4, while orders for exports rose to their highest level since May 2007 with that gauge at 60.5, up from January's 55.5. After hitting an intraday record at the open on Tuesday, the Dow Jones Industrial Average extended gains after the service sector data."This was no question a positive number," said Michael Woolfolk, senior currency strategist at BNY Mellon. "It reflects improvement in reinforces the view that the economy continues to improve and should contribute to gains that have driven the stock market to a new record." The measure of the backlog of orders was at its highest since May 2011 at 54.5 against 49. But the employment index weakened slightly, edging down to 57.2 from 57.5 in January.The service sector appeared to be expanding despite U.S. government belt-tightening and higher payroll taxes that have reduced consumers' disposable income. Earlier, ISM's manufacturing sector report, released last week, showed U.S. factories grew at their fastest rate in 20 months in February."All in all, the data fits with the message from manufacturing ISM that the supply side of the economy is navigating the early stages of recent fiscal tightening remarkably well, and presumably is not seeing a significant slowing in demand," said Alan Ruskin, head of G10 FX strategy at Deutsche Bank in New York.(Reporting By Leah Schnurr and Steven C. Johnson; editing by Clive McKeef)
Leah Schnurr and Steven C. Johnson
51
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/01/30/us-usa-bitcoin-future-analysis-idUSBREA0T1R920140130
Analysis: To grow, Bitcoin may need to shed its world of intrigue
Thu Jan 30, 2014 3:20pm EST
  NEW YORK Bitcoin enthusiasts were buzzing about the arrest of a high-profile promoter of the digital currency at Monday night's weekly Bitcoin trading session in Manhattan's financial district.Charlie Shrem's detention on money laundering charges the day before shocked New York's Bitcoin community, which meets in a small conference room to trade the currency. It is contemplating the end of a world of intrigue away from the watchful eyes of police and regulators."Charlie's a good kid, and he serves good drinks," said Jacob Dienelt, who trades Bitcoins himself.Shrem, 24, partly owns a bar in Manhattan that accepts Bitcoins as payment.Dienelt was acting as an unofficial spokesman for a community that has come under intense scrutiny as authorities crack down on illegal activity carried out using the currency.Dienelt said he wanted the world to know Shrem, who was charged on Monday with conspiracy to commit money laundering and operating a money changing business without a license, was not a bad person. Shrem, who resigned as vice chairman of the Bitcoin Foundation after his arrest, is presumed innocent, his lawyer Keith Miller said on Monday.One thing is clear, though, after a week that included not only Shrem's arrest but also two days of testimony about Bitcoin regulation to a panel of financial regulators in New York: Bitcoin users are finding that their freewheeling ways are no longer acceptable. Tighter controls will undermine the anonymity that had been a major attraction of the digital currency.The pressure is on promoters of Bitcoins, which are not backed by a government or central bank and whose value fluctuates according to demand, to either comply with the demands of the police and regulators or face prosecution. The authorities are not only swooping down when they suspect criminal activity but regulators also want to set rules for Bitcoin entrepreneurs in the same way they police banks and others in the traditional financial system. In particular, they are demanding reporting of any suspicious transactions. New York's top financial regulator on Tuesday even raised the idea of creating a "BitLicense" - rather like a banking license - for those who provide marketplaces where Bitcoins can be exchanged for dollars and other currencies.SILK ROADThe old Bitcoin world spawned people such as 29-year-old Ross Ulbricht, who was charged in October with counts relating to drug trafficking, money laundering and computer hacking. Prosecutors accused Ulbricht of involvement in the anonymous Internet marketplace Silk Road, which they said sold drugs and criminal services in exchange for Bitcoins. Ulbricht has maintained his innocence through statements by his lawyer.It was the world in which Shrem, a computer whiz from Brooklyn's Syrian Jewish community, rocketed to prominence as a wealthy businessman, with a bitcoin trading platform and the bar to his name.Now, Bitcoin exchanges will likely have to team up with traditional banks or at least imitate some of their anti-money laundering practices, keeping meticulous records of customer identities and report any suspicious activity to regulators. Law enforcement officials have already shown they can attach real names to the Bitcoin addresses of suspected criminals, which means the digital currency is no longer a cloak for some to hide behind. The loss of much of the anonymity of Bitcoin trading may diminish its appeal before it has the chance to get traction with larger numbers of potential users, some experts say."With a fluctuating price driven by speculators and an uncertain legal regime, Bitcoin's viability as a consumer currency is still up in the air," said Matthew Rhoades, director of the cyberspace & security program at the Truman Project and Center for National Policy.Certainly, the strongest Bitcoin supporters say there are still plenty of attractions despite the changes, including the speed of transactions and lack of centralized control. They are banking on mass adoption of the currency to smooth out awkwardness created by its wild price fluctuations and unwieldy technology. They say if the majority of businesses can be convinced to accept Bitcoins there will be less need to exchange them for mainstream currencies, and less interaction with the authorities."I think regulation will actually normalize the whole thing," said James Barcia, the communications director for the NYC Bitcoin Center, which hosts the weekly trading sessions. Some of the most successful Bitcoin entrepreneurs say there is no choice but to work with governments and traditional banks if Bitcoin is to grow.Fred Ehrsam, a co-founder of the Bitcoin trading platform Coinbase, said his company took a position early on that it would not fight regulators. Regulators have cited it as an example of how others should behave."The whole reason we have such confidence in our company is that from the start we said this has got to be something that plays nicely with the traditional financial world," Ehrsam said in an interview.Coinbase quickly hired Silicon Valley's top compliance experts, luring away the online payment system PayPal's chief compliance officer and also hiring lawyers with extensive Silicon Valley experience.One of their main points of focus is the "know your customer" rule, which puts the onus on financial services providers to make sure they are not doing business with criminals. To follow it, Bitcoin businesses are going to have to collect some information about who their customers are and how they are using their funds."We've seen a change in the types of people who are attracted to Bitcoin over the last few years," said Jeremy Liew, a venture capitalist who invests in businesses dealing in the digital currency, in testimony to officials from New York's Financial Services Department. Liew said criminals and people with strong political opposition to governments were among the currency's earliest adopters but were not the people he saw as being good for the Bitcoin business."The Bitcoin community is moving in the direction of greater legitimacy," he said.(Reporting By Emily Flitter; Additional reporting by Karen Freifeld; Editing by Martin Howell and Grant McCool)
Emily Flitter
52
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/08/19/us-china-xinjiang-idUSKBN0GJ0PC20140819
China punishes Xinjiang official for openly practicing faith
Tue Aug 19, 2014 5:15am EDT
  BEIJING China has reprimanded 15 Xinjiang officials for violations that include adhering to religious faith, state media said on Tuesday, amid a crackdown on what the government calls illegal religious activities in the unruly western region.Xinjiang, home to the Muslim Uighur people who speak a Turkic language, has been beset for years by violence that the Chinese government blames on Islamist militants and separatists.One official in the southern city of Kashgar, where a state-backed imam was killed last month, had "worshipped openly", the official Xinhua news agency said, behavior which violated rules that state workers not be religious."The punishment of expulsion from public office was handed to [the official] surnamed Mai who violated the clear regulation that state workers must not have religious faith," Xinhua said, citing the city's Uighur mayor, Ainiwaer Tuerxun. Mai had "remained devout and incorrigible, and had a poor attitude," the report added.Tensions are running high in Xinjiang, after officials told Muslims to eschew religious customs during the fasting month of Ramadan, which rights groups saw as an bid to repress Uighurs. Another official was punished, according to Xinhua, for having "ambiguous understanding and attitudes, sluggish action, and ineffective implementation toward counter-terrorism operations". Punishments for violations, which included spreading information that was harmful to ethnic unity, ranged from expulsion from government positions to stern warnings. All of the officials were from Kashgar, an old Silk Road city with a largely Uighur population, though the abbreviated surnames given by Xinhua made their ethnicities unclear. Hundreds have died in violence in Xinjiang in the past year and a half, prompting a sweeping crackdown by authorities.Exiled Uighur groups and human rights activists say the government's repressive policies in Xinjiang, including controls on Islam, have provoked unrest, a claim Beijing denies. State media reported last week that authorities in Xinjiang's capital Urumqi closed 27 places used for "underground" preaching and detained 44 illegal imams as part of an operation to "rescue" 82 children from religious schools known as madrassas.China punishes the study of Islam outside the confines of tightly controlled state mosques and children are prohibited from attending madrassas, prompting many parents who wish to provide a religious education to use underground schools. (Reporting by Michael Martina and Li Hui; Editing by Simon Cameron-Moore)
Michael Martina and Li Hui
53
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/06/03/us-india-minister-idUSKBN0EE07Y20140603
Indian minister killed in road collision, blow for Modi
Tue Jun 3, 2014 8:18am EDT
  NEW DELHI India's minister for rural development died on Tuesday after a road collision in New Delhi, depriving Prime Minister Narendra Modi of a key ally eight days after coming to office with a mandate to revitalise a stalled economy.India's roads are among the most dangerous in the world, and  the capital, New Delhi, ranks near the top of cities that account for the most fatalities.Gopinath Munde, 64, was on his way to the airport for a victory rally in his home state of Maharashtra, on India's west coast, when his sedan was hit by a car. He died in hospital."My tributes to a dynamic leader whose premature demise leaves a void hard to fill," Modi said in a tweet, amid a flurry of tributes from allies and political opponents. "Condolences to Munde's family. We stand by them in this hour of grief." Dozens of supporters of the ruling Bharatiya Janata Party swarmed the party headquarters where Munde's body was brought in a flower-bedecked truck. Modi laid a wreath and consoled members of Munde's family, including his daughter.Modi had entrusted to Munde the crucial task of spearheading a battle on poverty in the countryside, home to more than half of India's population of 1.2 billion, but which contributes just 14 percent of gross domestic product in Asia's third-largest economy.The minister was sitting in the back of his Maruti SX4 sedan when it was hit on the side by a Tata Indica saloon, whose driver police said was in custody. Munde's driver and a personal assistant survived.Doctors tried to revive Munde for 50 minutes after he was taken to the All-India Institute of Medical Sciences in the capital, a hospital spokesman said. "There was no spontaneous breathing, no pulse, no cardiac activity," he added.India is the world's capital of road deaths, thanks to a lethal brew of poor road planning, weak law enforcement, a surge in trucks and cars, and a flood of untrained drivers. More than 230,000 people were killed on Indian roads in 2010, or a rate of almost 19 deaths per 100,000 people. As many as 15 people died in road accidents every hour in India in 2012 with 53 injured, the National Crime Records Bureau says.Piyush Tewari, president and founder of SaveLIFE Foundation, said lack of enforcement of rules, of air bags and of rapid trauma care was the cause of so many deaths. "Enforcement is almost negligible. If it's almost negligible in a city like Delhi, you can imagine what happens in other parts of the country," he told Reuters.Munde becomes at least the third senior Indian politician to die in a car crash in recent times. The Congress party's Rajesh Pilot, a former transport minister, was killed in 2000, and   Sahib Singh Verma, a former BJP labour minister, in 2007. MASS LEADERModi called a cabinet meeting to mourn Munde, whose body was to be flown home for a funeral on Wednesday.From 1995 to 1999, Munde was deputy chief minister of Maharashtra, the state that is home to Mumbai, the financial capital. He was twice elected to India's lower house of parliament, in 2009 and again last month in the landslide general election victory of the BJP.He had served as the party's deputy leader in parliament and was being considered a potential chief minister of Maharashtra, where the BJP is hoping to oust its Congress rival in elections for a new assembly later this year. Maharashtra, along with neighbouring Gujarat, Modi's home state, is one of India's engines of growth on the west coast, and is vital to plans to restore momentum to the economy."It is a big blow for us," Transport Minister Nitin Gadkari, a party colleague from Maharashtra, told reporters. As a leader of a backward community, Munde had helped the party expand its base in rural areas and among low-ranking castes, especially in the state's central region of Marathwada.India's rural development ministry is also charged with administering a land acquisition law adopted by the previous Congress government and which has drawn mixed reactions.While activists hailed its provision of securing up to 80 percent approval from the owners of land targeted for acquisition, Indian business fears the procedures will swell costs and delay investment projects.Munde defended the law in his first comments after taking office, saying it was not aimed at industrialists. (Additional reporting by Krishna N Das, Ratnajyoti Dutta, Tommy Wilkes and Rajesh Kumar Singh in New Delhi and Rajendra Jadhav in Mumbai; Editing by Douglas Busvine and Nick Macfie)
None
54
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/05/28/rongyuanfortunesummit-idUSnPn1ZPZ3Q%2B9d%2BPRN20150528
The First Rongyuan Fortune Summit Forum Successfully Wraps Up
Thu May 28, 2015 9:00am EDT
    The First Rongyuan Fortune Summit Forum Successfully Wraps Up PR Newswire HANGZHOU, China, May 28, 2015   HANGZHOU, China, May 28, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- The first Rongyuan Fortune Summit Forum was successfully held in Hangzhou on May 22, 2015. The event was hosted by Housheng Group, organized by Rongyuan Asset Management Co., Ltd and co-organized by Meihua Huijin Investment Group and Botong Investment. The organizer of the forum invited Professor Alan Krueger, former assistant secretary of the US Treasury and top White House economic advisor, to attend and address the forum. Professor Krueger mentioned more than once during his speech that China needs to spend time considering how to avoid the occurrence of the "middle-income trap".Further elaborating on China's economic situation, Professor Krueger held that the problem for China now is that the country is entering the tricky middle-income stage of development where its per capita GDP has moved above $US 3,000 yet has not reached the $US 10,000 threshold.According to World Bank data, per capita GDP in mainland China reached $US 6,100 in 2012, moving its status up to that of a middle-income country. The reduced labor supply and rising labor costs have led to the decline of its low-cost advantage. In addition, factors such as the ecological environment and resource conservation have also altered the low-cost advantage of its non-labor force, signaling that China has lost the competitive edge in terms of labor when compared with other developing countries. Confronted with the question "will China successfully ride out the middle-income trap," Professor Krueger said that China has been slow in boosting domestic consumption. In his speech, the professor suggested that the Chinese government increase investment to raise the level of social security and postpone the retirement age moderately to tackle the labor shortage issue. He said if the Chinese government continues to push reform forward and eliminate institutional obstacles, it is likely that China can effectively avoid falling into the middle-income trap.At the forum, Silk Road Holding Group chairman Lin Lanfang, Focused Photonics (Hangzhou), Inc. CEO Yao Naxin, Zhejiang University School of Management professor Xing Yiqun, Silicon Valley Meihua Huijin Aimiao Capital CEO Hu Feng and Housheng Group chairman He Yong had in-depth discussions with Professor Krueger spanning a wide range of topics including the future development direction of Chinese companies, the current economic situation in China, how to deal with China's labor predicament and how Chinese companies should go about expanding into markets outside the home country. Rongyuan Fortune also held a launch ceremony for the 2 billion yuan Rongyuan No.1 hybrid private equity fund during the forum.According to Housheng Group chairman He Yong, Housheng Group Co., Ltd. ("Housheng Group") is a comprehensive financial group co-founded by many passionate, ambitious and socially responsible individuals in the investment sector (including several top professors from Tsinghua University, Peking University and Cheung Kong Graduate School of Business), specializing in private funds, investment banking and third party wealth management. The Housheng Group has three major business segments: Meihua Huijin Investment Group (PE/VC, M&A, private placement and investment banking), Botong Investment (stocks, futures and bonds) and Rongyuan Fortune (third party wealth management), with dozens of subsidiaries and branches in Beijing, Shanghai, Sichuan Province, Shandong Province, Gansu Province and Silicon Valley as well as an Office for North American Affairs in New York an Office for European Affairs in London. The newly rolled-out Rongyuan No.1 fund is a hybrid fund tailored for high net-worth clients enabling investors to choose a single fund product that maintains a diversified investment portfolio with a relatively smooth yield curve ensuring the stability and absoluteness of their returns.Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20150526/218332 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/the-first-rongyuan-fortune-summit-forum-successfully-wraps-up-300089997.htmlSOURCE  Youth Group 
None
55
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/05/21/bbo-astros-tigers-preview-idUSMTZEB5LP5BGGD20150521
Preview: Astros at Tigers
Thu May 21, 2015 7:02am EDT
  Despite winning seven of their last eight to complete a 7-2 homestand, the Houston Astros have done their best work on the road this season. The Astros look to improve upon their league-best 12-4 mark away from home on Thursday when they begin a four-game series in Detroit against the Tigers.Houston, which has been baseball's worst team in three of the last four years and posted six consecutive losing seasons, improved to an American League-best 27-14 following Wednesday’s 6-1 victory over Oakland. In addition to getting off to their best 41-game start in team history, this marks the latest in a season the Astros stand atop their division – the American League West – since setting the pace in the National League Central on May 22, 2004. Detroit (24-17) is just one game over .500 since opening the season with six straight victories and avoided a three-game sweep at home by Milwaukee on Wednesday. Recent history is on the Tigers’ side in this series, however, as they have won nine of their last 11 meetings with the Astros in Detroit.TV: 1:08 p.m. ET, ROOT (Houston), FSN DetroitPITCHING MATCHUP: Astros RH Scott Feldman (3-4, 5.06 ERA) vs. Tigers LH David Price (3-1, 3.40) Feldman settled down after surrendering three first-inning runs on Saturday, yielding no more offense over his final 5 2/3 innings while striking out a season-high 10 in a 6-5 win against Toronto. The 32-year-old, who has posted a 12.38 ERA in the opening frame over his eight outings this year, is 1-3, 7.34 over six starts and six relief appearances in his career against Detroit. Feldman has struggled the most versus Miguel Cabrera, who is 9-for-16 with two doubles and two homers against the Hawaii native.Despite allowing all three of his runs on solo homers on Saturday, Price did not factor into the decision after fanning nine over 6 2/3 innings at St. Louis. The 2012 AL Cy Young Award winner hasn’t been his usual dominant self since tossing a five-hitter at Kansas City on May 2, giving up eight runs (seven earned) and 20 hits in 13 innings over his last two turns. Price is 3-2 with a 2.92 ERA in five career starts against the Astros and has mostly thrived versus Jose Altuve (3-for-11, three strikeouts), George Springer (1-for-8, six strikeouts) and Chris Carter (2-for-14, five strikeouts). WALK-OFFS1. Houston CF Jake Marisnick leads the AL in road batting average (.408). 2. Detroit RF J.D. Martinez – a former Houston outfielder – is batting .410 with seven runs scored, two doubles and two homers during his 11-game hitting streak.3. The Astros lead the majors in runs scored (73) and home runs (20) in the seventh inning or later.PREDICTION: Tigers 3, Astros 2
None
56
http://www.reuters.com/article/2011/09/30/us-finearts-bowers-china-idUSTRE78T3U120110930
California's Bowers Museum opens tombs of China
Fri Sep 30, 2011 5:34pm EDT
  LOS ANGELES The closest one may ever come to being touched by a deity may be at southern California's Bowers Museum when "Warriors, Tombs and Temples: China's Enduring Legacy" opens this week showing off an ornate case that holds a bone from the Buddha's finger.The treasure trove, residing at the Bowers from October 1 through March 4, was excavated from a key area near Xian in Shansi Province, the end point of the Silk Road and capital of the three great unification dynasties, Chin, Han and Tang."It is actually the cream of the crop," grins guest curator Suzanne Cahill at the Bowers, which is located in Santa Ana, about an hour south of Los Angeles and near the Disneyland theme park and other tourist attractions.Sadly, the Buddha's bone itself didn't make the trip to the Bowers as it rarely travels. But the new show is enough to bring out a parade of Buddhist priests to bless the case that holds the holy relic."Buddha was cremated and they harvested whatever was left," explains Bowers President Peter Keller. The bone was found in the Famen Temple built in the Tang Dynasty (618-907 A.D.), an era of opulence and greater exposure to the outside world."When they build a temple, they have what's called a founding deposit, which is a holy object they bury under the temple," explains Cahill. "And in this case, it's probably the holiest relic in all of Asia, which was supposedly the Buddha's finger bone." The finger was associated with miracles and drew many pilgrims. Occasionally Tang emperors went to the temple, dug up the finger and marched it around villages in elaborate processions. Upon returning, an emperor would deposit treasures with the finger -- priceless items of gold and silver he had especially made including the case bejeweled with a Sri Lankan sapphire.NEVER BEFORE SEENFamen Temple was sealed in 874 A.D., and the treasure sat until 1987 after a Ming Dynasty pagoda collapsed and restorers discovered what they always suspected might be underneath: a treasure trove including a delicately sculpted golden dragon, a bejeweled headdress and a silver box and glassworks bearing Persian influence, items never before seen outside of China. Many of those items make their world debut in the Bowers exhibit, along with a green-faced terra cotta soldier from the Chin Dynasty (221 BC - 207 BC). While each of the 8000 soldiers like this one is known to have individualized expressions, none is known to be colored. Tests show the green coloring is not the result of oxidation but appears to be paint, meant to intimidate a battlefield adversary.The soldier and his comrades stand guard over the tomb of Qin Shi Huang, the first Emperor of China. In only 14 years he unified the country, standardized the language and connected the scattered fragments of what is The Great Wall.Despite his accomplishments, Qin Shi Huang was regarded as a ruthless conqueror who betrayed allies and ruled with an iron fist. Cahill recalls a story deriding the emperor after he died on the battlefield. "They brought him back, they put a wick in his belly button and it burned for two weeks because he was so fat living off the sufferings of the people," Cahill said.Qin Shi Huang ordered the construction of his tomb in 215 BC, employing some 700,000 laborers working 38 years to build a complex larger than most cities. It's been called "the eighth wonder of the world."While the Bowers' exhibit many highlights of treasures unearthed at Xian, it leaves people hungry for even greater riches yet to be discovered."Landing at the airport, you see a valley containing 78 burial mounds," Keller said about his many trips to Xian. "It's China's answer to Egypt's Valley of the Kings!" And for the next six months, parts of it are at the Bowers.(Editing by Bob Tourtellotte)
Bob Tourtellotte
57
http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/12/20/us-silkroad-indictment-idUSBRE9BJ14H20131220
U.S. charges three over Silk Road marketplace
Fri Dec 20, 2013 3:48pm EST
  NEW YORK Three men were indicted in the United States on Friday in connection with Silk Road, the Internet black-market bazaar in which illegal drugs like heroin and cocaine can be purchased for the digital currency bitcoin.The indictment, unsealed in New York, charges Andrew Jones, Gary Davis and Peter Nash with conspiracy to engage in narcotics trafficking, computer hacking and money laundering.The charges followed the arrest in October of alleged Silk Road founder Ross Ulbricht, who is known online as "Dread Pirate Roberts.U.S. authorities shut Silk Road down at the time of Ulbricht's arrest, although last month a new marketplace carrying the same name and appearance debuted online.Jones, 24, and Davis, 25, acted as site administrators for Silk Road, while Nash, 40, was the primary moderator for the website's discussion forums, the indictment said.Jones was presented before a court in Richmond, Virginia, on Friday after being arrested the day before, according to the Manhattan U.S. Attorney's Office. Davis was arrested in Ireland and Nash was arrested in Australia, the office said. Lawyers for the defendants could not immediately be located for comment.According to the indictment, the three men were part of Ulbricht's "small support staff" for Silk Road. Salaries for the employees ranged from $50,000 to $75,000 a year, the indictment said.Jones, who also went by "Inigo," worked for Silk Road from October 2012 through the time the original website was shut down, the indictment said. Nash, who was also known by names including "Batman73" and "Anonymousasshit," was a moderator since at least January, while Davis, also called "Libertas," acted as an administrator since at least June, the indictment said.The indictment accuses them of conspiring to violate U.S. narcotics and computer hacking laws. Silk Road, in addition to providing a venue for illegal drug sales, had also enabled the sale of "malicious software" intended for hacking, the indictment said.Ulbricht, 29, was charged in a separate criminal complaint in October. He is being held at a metropolitan detention center in Brooklyn after last month losing a petition to be released on bail. Ulbricht's lawyer, Joshua Dratel, has been discussing a possible plea deal with prosecutors, according to court filings. Ulbricht is also under federal indictment in Baltimore, Maryland, in a case relating to a murder-for-hire plot.On December 6, Assistant U.S. Attorney Serrin Turner asked U.S. Magistrate Judge James Francis for a 30-day extension of the deadline to file an indictment, saying that he and Dratel had spoken in October and November about a possible resolution of the case and planned to continue talking.The judge granted the request, which was not opposed by Ulbricht. Dratel did not respond to a request for comment Friday.The case is U.S. v. Jones, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 13-cr-950.(Reporting by Nate Raymond and Joseph Ax; Editing by Dan Grebler)
Nate Raymond and Joseph Ax
58
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/01/15/usa-bitcoin-trial-idUSL1N0UT2VI20150115
CORRECTED-U.S. agent says became covert Silk Road employee
Wed Jan 14, 2015 7:43pm EST
  (Corrects spelling throughout of Jared Der-Yeghiayan's last name)By Nate RaymondNEW YORK Jan 14 (Reuters) - A federal agent told jurors on Wednesday he covertly became an employee of the website Silk Road, chatting with its operator about "damn regulators" minutes before authorities arrested the man they believe ran the online black market.Jared Der-Yeghiayan, a U.S. Department of Homeland Security special agent, testified in Manhattan federal court that in July 2013 he took over a Silk Road moderator's account and participated in the arrest of its suspected operator, Ross Ulbricht.The testimony came on the second day of Ulbricht's criminal trial. He faces seven counts including operating a continuing criminal enterprise and conspiracy to commit narcotics trafficking.Silk Road was an online black market bazaar where users could anonymously buy drugs and other illicit goods using bitcoins. Prosecutors say it operated from 2011 to October 2013, generating $200 million in drug sales. Ulbricht, 30, admits that he created Silk Road, but his lawyer said Tuesday he was the "fall guy" for its true operators at the time of his arrest in October 2013.During the trial Wednesday, Der-Yeghiayan said he became a Silk Road moderator after a support staff member called "cirrus" gave him access to that account. He reported to the website's operator "Dread Pirate Roberts," and earned $1,000 a week in bitcoin, he said.After an IRS agent flagged Ulbricht as the Dread Pirate Roberts' possible alter ego, Der-Yeghiayan said he became part of an operation to try to confirm that and arrest Ulbricht. "The plan was to try to get in a position where we'd have the defendant in a public setting or cafe where he was required to use the Internet and initiate a chat with him," he told jurors.Der-Yeghiayan said he monitored if Dread Pirate Roberts was logged on as agents staked out an Internet cafe in San Francisco that Ulbricht was seen entering before.Der-Yeghiayan said Ulbricht eventually came, but after entering the crowded cafe, went into a library. After Der-Yeghiayan initiated a chat, Dread Pirate Roberts asked cirrus, "you did bitcoin exchange before you started working for me, right?"Cirrus responded he had stopped because of "reporting requirements."Dread Pirate Roberts replied, "damn regulators, eh"The message was sent moments before the FBI arrested Ulbricht and grabbed his laptop. Prosecutors say the laptop showed Ulbricht was logged into Silk Road as Dread Pirate Roberts.The case is U.S. v. Ulbricht, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 13-06919.   (Reporting by Nate Raymond in New York; Editing by Bernard Orr)
Nate Raymond in New York
59
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/11/17/us-france-motorway-idUSKCN0J11S820141117
Room for maneuver tight on French motorway reform
Mon Nov 17, 2014 11:19am EST
  PARIS France's cash-strapped government is seeking to revamp contracts with motorway operators which it considers too generous, but its room for maneuver is thin.Economy Minister Emmanuel Macron, who is due to submit a draft bill on the sector next month, has hinted at possible changes to the formula to calculate toll-road tariffs, though it is unclear if this could apply to existing contracts.He has also promised to set up a new authority to better regulate the sector and a parliamentary report on the motorway concessions due on Wednesday could provide more clues on the future reform.Companies such as Eiffage or Vinci, which operate the 9,000 kilometers (5,600 miles) of France's motorways, are protected by strict agreements stipulating they must be compensated for any change in their contracts, which in some cases will not expire until 2035.France's competition watchdog in September released a report saying the motorway-operators' profitability rates of 20-24 percent could not be justified by the costs they have to bear or the risks they face. The competition authority recommended that a 3.2-billion- euro motorway upgrade package, which has since been approved by the European Commission, be revised to better serve the interests of the state and road users.In exchange for an extension of their concessions, it suggested changing the current index mechanism pegging toll rates to inflation and integrating a new formula taking account of traffic, clauses for reinvestment and profit-sharing. Last week France's Terra Nova think tank argued for a 50 percent reduction in French toll road tariffs, suggesting a tax on the parent companies of motorway operators.Pierre Coppey, chairman of the French motorways association ASFA and chief operating officer of Vinci told Les Echos daily that moderating toll-road tariffs could be possible in exchange for an extension of the length of the concessions.In the past a change in the tax scheme has always been compensated through toll price hikes or through increasing the length of the concessions. Aurel BGC analyst Eric Lemarie noted: "There is a room for maneuver on additional investments. They already negotiated additional years in the last package, they have room for maneuver in future plans."Last month the European Commission approved the 3.2-billion-euro plan, under which Eiffage, Vinci and Abertis unit SANEF agreed to bear the cost of upgrading French motorways in exchange for an average 3-year extension of their concessions. (Reporting by Dominique Vidalon, Gilles Guillaume, Jean-Baptiste Vey; editing by Mark John)
Dominique Vidalon, Gilles Guillaume, Jean-Baptiste Vey
60
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/04/14/markets-hongkong-china-stocks-midday-idUSL4N0XB1SM20150414
Hong Kong's stock market bull run takes a break, China powers on
Tue Apr 14, 2015 12:37am EDT
  * CSI300 +1.1 pct; SSEC 1 pct; HSI -0.5 pct* Tencent slumps after CEO Pony Ma reduces holdings* "Modern Silk Road" concept back in the spot lightBy Samuel Shen and Pete SweeneySHANGHAI, April 14 (Reuters) - Hong Kong stocks retreated on Tuesday morning after eight straight sessions of gains, as Tencent Holdings Ltd slumped after chief executive Pony Ma reduced his holdings in China's biggest social networking and online entertainment firm.But Chinese shares continued to rise, hitting another seven-year high, with a surge in infrastructure-related stocks  offsetting losses in financial shares as the "Modern Silk Road" concept comes back into the spot light. The recent surge in Hong Kong stocks helped push Tencent's market capitalisation over $200 billion for the first time on Monday, making it more valuable than U.S. tech firms such as Amazon.com Inc, IBM Corp and Oracle Corp .But on Tuesday morning, the stock tumbled about 5 percent, heading towards its biggest daily fall in nearly a year, after exchange disclosures showed Ma last week sold 20 million shares for HK$3.22 billion.Although the news triggered profit-taking, many investors believe Hong Kong's bull run is not yet over. "We expect the flows to invest in Hong Kong from mainland investors to continue," said Mandy Chan, head of Chinese and Hong Kong equities, HSBC Global Asset Management.Chan said that many Hong Kong stocks, especially small caps, are still cheaper than mainland-listed shares, "so it was only a matter of time before we see a pick-up in these stocks."The Hang Seng index dropped 0.5 percent to 27,880.90 points by the midday break, while the Hong Kong China Enterprises Index lost 0.3 percent to 14,545.85. But China stocks continued to power ahead, with the CSI300 index rising 1.1 percent and the Shanghai Composite Index gaining 1.0 percent.Shenzhen's Nasdaq-style start-up board ChiNext  keeps smashing records, rising 0.6 percent, despite warnings that the board's valuation already exceeds the level seen at the peak of the U.S. dot-com bubble.The "Silk Road" concept was again the darling of investors on Tuesday, with the CSI300 Infrastructure Index and the CSI Machinery Index jumping more than 4 percent.China Central Television, the country's predominant state television, begins a TV series on Tuesday promoting China's ambitious "One Road, One Belt" project.Under the project, China plans to stoke foreign demand for its industrial output by financing infrastructure investment around Asia, aiming to build the 21st century Maritime Silk Road and a land-based counterpart. Analysts say the drive will benefit Chinese train makers, port operators and electricity producers.    (Editing by Jacqueline Wong)
Jacqueline Wong
61
http://www.reuters.com/article/2008/05/15/idUS155887%2B15-May-2008%2BBW20080515
SilkRoad technology, inc. Completes $54 Million Round Of Equity Financing
Thu May 15, 2008 8:00am EDT
  Foundation Capital Leads Investment                         Mike Cullinane Named CFO WINSTON-SALEM, N.C.--(Business Wire)-- SilkRoad technology, inc., the creator of the popular Life SuiteTM of web-based talent management solutions, announced today that it has closed on a $54 million equity round of capital led by new investor Foundation Capital, and including existing investors Azure Capital Partners, SilkRoad Equity and several individuals. Plans for the current round of capital include a significant expansion of SilkRoad technology's worldwide direct sales and marketing efforts, strategic acquisitions and new product development. In a related announcement, Mike Cullinane has been named Chief Financial Officer of the company.     "The software as a service space, and especially the talent management segment of it, is one of the greatest opportunities for value creation that I have ever personally observed in the software industry," said Andrew J. "Flip" Filipowski, Chairman and CEO at SilkRoad technology. "As we pursue our mission, I could not hope for a better management team nor a better investor group to help us achieve our goals. Adding Mike Cullinane as our CFO, and having both Warren Weiss and Cameron Lester join our board, makes it almost unfair to our competition. We now have the products, the team and the financial resources we need to succeed."     Warren Weiss, General Partner at Foundation Capital, who joined the board of directors of SilkRoad technology in conjunction with the funding, said, "Flip and the team at SilkRoad technology have built an incredibly compelling business that is perfectly positioned to capitalize on the converging growth curves of talent management and the software as a service model. SilkRoad's track record of success in serving enterprises of all sizes and in industries as diverse as banking, healthcare, technology, entertainment, and manufacturing made this investment both an easy decision and a truly exciting opportunity for Foundation Capital and the other investors in the round."     Mike Cullinane has joined SilkRoad technology, inc. as Chief Financial Officer and a member of the company's board of directors. Cullinane was previously CFO of Lakeview Technology, Inc. Earlier in his career, he worked closely with Filipowski as CFO of Platinum Technology.     "It is an honor to be associated with such a wonderful team that has accomplished so much in a few short years," said Cullinane. "I look forward to working with the company as it moves to its next levels."     "We are excited to have Foundation Capital join us as investors in the company," said Cameron Lester, a General Partner with existing investor Azure Capital Partners, which also participated in this round of funding. "SilkRoad has the large market opportunity, the world-class leadership team, the best-in-class products and the long-term vision to become a very large company."     About SilkRoad technology, inc.     SilkRoad technology, inc. provides software as a service (SaaS) solutions that significantly improve the talent within its more than 700 customers across the globe. Through SilkRoad's Life Suite, an integrated talent management solution, companies are able to hire better employees, identify high and low performers, drive a pay-for-performance culture and improve employee tenure. The SilkRoad Life SuiteTM solution set includes OpenHire(TM), for recruiting management, RedCarpet(TM) for employee onboarding and life events, WingSpan(TM) for flexible employee performance management, GreenLight(TM) for compensation management, and Eprise(TM) for employee intranets and content management. SilkRoad technology is headquartered in Winston-Salem, NC with offices in Bedford, MA; Chicago, IL; West Long Branch, NJ; and Hamburg, Germany. More information is available at www.silkroad.com or by phone: U.S. toll free at 866-329-3363, or internationally at +1-336-201-5100.     About Foundation Capital     Founded in 1995, Foundation Capital is a venture capital firm committed to supporting entrepreneurs and their companies, targeting innovative opportunities in cleantech, consumer Internet and infrastructure; telecommunications and networking; and enterprise software and on demand services. Foundation Capital funds total more than $2.4 billion. For more information, visit www.foundationcapital.com.     About Azure Capital Partners     Azure Capital Partners is a venture capital firm with over $650 million under management, headquartered in San Francisco, California. Its goal is to identify, invest in and help build earlier stage information technology companies that are at the forefront of a transformative opportunity for growth - companies like TopTier Software, VMware, WorldWide Packets and Bill Me Later. Its partners have a long track record of identifying and helping to build some of the most successful companies in communications, software and related technology segments. The Azure team is recognized for industry thought leadership and a unique professional investment approach to venture investing. Its proven methodology and primary research enable it to identify young companies in attractive markets whose business models provide sustainable competitive advantage. For more information, visit www.azurecap.com.     About SilkRoad Equity     SilkRoad Equity is a private investment firm founded by Andrew J. "Flip" Filipowski and Matthew Roszak. SilkRoad Equity targets investments in the areas of technology, life sciences, media and entertainment and real estate, and is comprised of a portfolio of companies that includes: Cryo-Cell International, House of Blues, InterAct911, Mastro Auctions, MissionMode Solutions, onramp Branding, Pendulab, Primo Water, Rakote, SilkRoad technology, SolidSpace, TrueSystems and Vion Mobile. For more information, visit www.silkroadequity.com.  Beck Media & Marketing (for SilkRoad technology) James Finch or Sabrina Vito 310-689-7363 james@beckmedia.com / sabrina@beckmedia.com or Outcast PR (for Foundation Capital) Caryn Marooney, 415-392-8282 caryn@outcastpr.com or Spark PR (for Azure Capital Partners) Pamela Ames, 415-321-1893 pames@sparkpr.com  Copyright Business Wire 2008    
None
62
http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/05/05/us-india-china-idUSBRE9440B220130505
India and China withdraw troops from Himalayan face off
Sun May 5, 2013 2:53pm EDT
  SRINAGAR/NEW DELHI, Indian India and China simultaneously withdrew troops from camps a few meters apart in a Himalayan desert on Sunday, apparently ending a three-week standoff on a freezing plateau where the border is disputed and the Asian giants fought a war 50 years ago.The two sides stood down after reaching an agreement during a meeting between border commanders, an Indian army official told Reuters, after the tension threatened to overshadow a planned visit by India's foreign minister to Beijing on Thursday.But it was not immediately clear how far China's People's Liberation Army (PLA) soldiers had withdrawn - Delhi had claimed they were 19 km (12 miles) beyond the point it understands to be the border with China, a vaguely defined de facto line called the Line of Actual Control, which neither side agrees on.Defence and foreign ministry spokesmen did not immediately respond to requests for comment."Our troops have moved one kilometer backwards from the position they were on since April 16," said the officer, from the Indian army's Northern Command, which oversees the disputed region on the fringes of India's Jammu and Kashmir state."Chinese troops have also moved away from their position they were holding on since April 15 when they intruded in Indian territory. It is not clear yet how (far) the PLA moved back."India considered it the worst border incursion for years. New Delhi often appears insecure about relations with its powerful neighbor, despite slowly warming relations between Asia's largest countries. China is India's top trade partner, but the unresolved border sours the friendship.India's opposition and much of the media has been critical of the government's handling of the standoff, drawing parallels with a 1962 war which ended in its humiliating defeat. On Friday, parliament was adjourned after members shouted "Get China out, save the country"."YOU ARE IN CHINESE TERRITORY"India says Chinese troops intruded into its territory on the western rim of the Himalayas on April 15. Some officials and experts believe the incursion signaled Chinese concern about increased Indian military activity in the area. A group of about 30 Chinese soldiers, backed by helicopters, had pitched several tents near a 16th century Silk Road campsite called Daulat Beg Oldi, close to an air strip New Delhi uses to support troops on the Siachen glacier.Each day since, Indian and Chinese soldiers and border guards left their camps and stood about 100 meters (330 feet) apart on the Depsang Plain, a 5,000 meter (16,400 feet) high desert ringed by jagged peaks of the Karakoram range.Winter temperatures can drop to minus 30 degrees centigrade, and the area is lashed by icy strong winds all year round.A photograph released by a source in the Indian army showed a group of six Chinese soldiers on a rock-strewn landscape holding a bright orange banner that read, in English and Mandarin, "This is the Line of Actual Control, You are in Chinese territory". Delhi reopened the Daulat Beg Oldi airstrip in 2008. Two other runways, out of use since the war, have been opened and Daulat Beg Oldi has been upgraded since.Siachen, at the north of the disputed region of Kashmir, is claimed by both India and Pakistan and has the dubious distinction of being the world's highest battlefield.Tensions are likely to persist given India and China's increased presence in an area that for centuries was largely unclaimed and criss-crossed with caravan routes. Now the land abuts the Karakoram Highway joining Pakistan to China, which Beijing hopes to develop further as trade route linking it to the Arabian Sea port of Gwadar.Speaking before Sunday's resolution, Srikanth Kondapalli, an Indian analyst who specialises in China studies, said the dispute lay close to large hydroelectric projects and an ambitious plan to expand the Karakoram highway.He said the lack of agreement about where the border lies, combined with increased military and infrastructure activity meant more flashpoints were likely."It is a no-man's land," said Kondapalli, who considers the current standoff to be more serious than the usual cross-border incidents. "Even if the (present) issue is resolved, this will only flare up."(Writing by Frank Jack Daniel; Editing by Jon Hemming)
Frank Jack Daniel
63
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/02/18/us-bitcoin-auction-silkroad-idUSKBN0LM1XF20150218
U.S. marshals to auction 50,000 bitcoins from Silk Road
Wed Feb 18, 2015 1:56pm EST
  NEW YORK The U.S. government on Wednesday said it plans to auction 50,000 bitcoins on March 5, following the recent criminal conviction of Ross Ulbricht for being the mastermind behind the online black market known as Silk Road.The auction being conducted by the U.S. Marshals Service is the third for bitcoins seized in connection with Silk Road, which prosecutors said let customers buy and sell drugs and other illegal goods beneath the radar of law enforcement.A federal jury in Manhattan on Feb. 4 found Ulbricht guilty of narcotics and other charges for helping to enable about $200 million of anonymous online drug sales using bitcoins.Prosecutors said Ulbricht, 30, had run Silk Road under the pseudonym "Dread Pirate Roberts" before the website was shut down in October 2013.Ulbricht conceded that he created Silk Road, but was not responsible for illegal activity conducted there.  The marshals service said the 50,000 bitcoins are being offered in 10 blocks of 2,000, and 10 blocks of 3,000.Bidders must register for the six-hour auction by March 2, and winners will be notified on March 6. Details are available at (here). Bitcoins are an online virtual currency that has lost roughly 80 percent of its value since its peak closing high of $1,147.25 on Dec. 4, 2013, according to the digital currency news website CoinDesk.The volatility results in part from bitcoin's lack of central oversight and small trading volume.In afternoon trading, the value of one bitcoin had fallen $9.83, or 4 percent, to $234.87.. The marshals service auctioned 29,655 bitcoins from Silk Road last June and 50,000 more in December, when they were respectively worth about $601 and $369 each.Ulbricht consented to the latest auction in connection with a civil forfeiture proceeding. He faces up to life in prison when he is sentenced in the criminal case on May 15. (Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New York; Editing by Tom Brown)
Jonathan Stempel in New York
64
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/11/18/us-china-diplomacy-analysis-idUSKCN0J22FK20141118
Hard diplomacy ahead despite China showing its softer side
Tue Nov 18, 2014 4:09pm EST
  BEIJING From a military rules-of-the-road agreement with Washington to $20 billion in loans for Southeast Asia, Beijing has set aside the tensions of recent years to present a softer side to the world in the last week.But proof of whether President Xi Jinping is serious about narrowing differences that have marked his first two years in office will depend on how China's festering disputes are managed in the months ahead.The possibilities for disagreement are many, from cyberspying to land reclamation in the disputed South China Sea and the deeply emotional issue for China of how Japan deals with next year's 70th anniversary of the end of World War Two.China set nerves on edge with its air defense zone over the East China Sea, by sending an oil rig deep into waters disputed with Vietnam and by unveiling advanced new weapons, including a prototype stealth fighter.But in recent days, China has gone out of its way to set minds at ease as Xi hosted the Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) summit.China made conciliatory gestures to Vietnam, the Philippines and Japan, and, with U.S. President Barack Obama, agreed to a climate deal and to lower the risk of misunderstandings during military encounters."We still have to observe what happens in the next six to 12 months or even longer. But I think that now we stand at the beginning of a substantive change in Chinese foreign policy," said Shi Yinhong, head of the Centre for American Studies at Beijing's Renmin University who has also advised the government on diplomatic issues.Reliance on the military has been replaced by money to guide China's diplomacy, Shi added, pointing to the $40 billion New Silk Road fund and $50 billion China-backed Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank announced before APEC.More than $120 billion has been promised since May to Africa, Southeast Asia and Central Asia."The message is that China sincerely hopes that it can play its role as a responsible power," the official China Daily newspaper wrote in an editorial on Monday. ROOT CAUSES REMAINThe root causes of past disagreements have, for now, been set aside.State-run Xinhua news agency sought to temper expectations following Xi's meeting with Obama last week, saying that, despite the "amicable tone", "still much has to be done to translate promises into reality".As if to remind the United States of China's growing military power, the day before Xi and Obama's summit, the Chinese military unveiled a sophisticated new stealth fighter jet at an air show in the south of the country. "A lot of problems exist and there will be a lot of uncertainty in the days to come," said Jia Qingguo, dean of the School of International Studies at Peking University who has also advised the government on diplomacy. China has long sought to address fears in the region, and globally, that economic growth will inevitably bring a more muscular diplomatic and military approach.During a summit of Southeast Asia leaders in Myanmar last week, Chinese Premier Li Keqiang proposed a friendship treaty, yet held to the line that Beijing will only settle South China Sea disputes directly with other claimants.Philippine President Benigno Aquino said he and Xi had a good meeting in Beijing, but the Philippine military says there has been no sign of China reducing its presence in parts of the South China Sea that Manila also claims.LEGACY OF WAR LIVES ONThen there is Japan. China and Japan, the world's second- and third-largest economies, have argued bitterly for two years over disputed islands, regional influence and the legacy of Japan's wartime occupation of China.While Xi and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe held breakthrough talks just before APEC, in recognition of the economic damage inflicted by their row, suspicion runs deep."Whether or not incidents or disturbances can be prevented from happening again between the two countries depends on Japan's attitude and actions," Han Zhiqiang, acting Chinese ambassador to Japan, was quoted saying in state media last week.China has already promised high-profile events to mark next year's World War Two anniversary, offering another opportunity to accuse Japan of not properly atoning for its past."Japan is particularly worried about how the anniversary will be handled in China," said one Beijing-based Western envoy.India presents another problem, with no sign of lasting resolution to a festering border dispute.In recognition of the world's concerns, Xi, speaking to Australia's parliament on Monday, channeled an ancient expression to assuage worries: "A war-mongering state will eventually die no matter how big it is".He did not finish the saying, whose last line reads: "Though the world is peaceful, you will be in danger if you forget about preparing for war". (Additional reporting by Manuel Mogato in MANILA; Editing by Mike Collett-White)
None
65
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/12/19/us-usa-crime-bitcoin-idUSKBN0JX2CW20141219
Bitcoin backer gets two years prison for illicit transfers
Fri Dec 19, 2014 6:26pm EST
  NEW YORK Charlie Shrem, an outspoken supporter of bitcoins, was sentenced to two years in prison on Friday for indirectly helping to send $1 million in the digital currency to the Internet black-market bazaar Silk Road.Shrem, a former vice chairman of the Bitcoin Foundation, was also ordered by U.S. District Judge Jed Rakoff in Manhattan to forfeit $950,000 after pleading guilty in September to aiding and abetting an unlicensed money transmitting business.Rakoff said Shrem, 25, was not "some kid making a one-time mistake," but someone who "excitedly" participated in a novel crime involving bitcoins that contributed to drugs sales."The very innovativeness of it made it a danger to controlling drug trafficking," Rakoff said.The bitcoin evangelist faced up to five years in prison, and the court's probation office had recommended a 57-month term. His lawyer argued for probation, saying the case had already sent a message to the bitcoin community."No one is doing this anymore," Shrem told Rakoff. "There's no more money laundering. They're terrified." Shrem was charged in January following an investigation into Silk Road, an online marketplace that accepted bitcoin for illegal drugs and other illicit goods and services that U.S. authorities seized in October 2013.Lawyers for Shrem, who at the time was chief executive of bitcoin exchange BitInstant, said in court papers their client was not interested in promoting the Silk Road website.Shrem's lawyers said his desire to promote bitcoin led him in 2012 to help Robert Faiella, an underground bitcoin exchanger in Florida, trade over $1 million in cash for bitcoins that were in turn sold to Silk Road customers. Prosecutors said Shrem's motivation was financial. In court papers, they quote Shrem telling his then-business partner he did not want to ban Faiella as a customer since he had made them a "good profit."BitInstant closed in 2013. Shrem stepped down from his post at the Bitcoin Foundation, a trade group, after he was charged. Faiella, who was known online as BTCKing, pleaded guilty in September to operating an unlicensed money transmitting business. He is scheduled to be sentenced on Jan. 20.Silk Road's alleged operator, Ross Ulbricht, is scheduled to face trial on Jan. 13. He has pleaded not guilty to charges that include conspiracy and narcotics trafficking.The case is U.S. v. Faiella, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 14-cr-00243. (Reporting by Nate Raymond; Editing by Tom Brown, Andre Grenon and Lisa Shumaker)
Nate Raymond
66
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/03/25/us-asean-summit-yoma-strategic-idUSBREA2O0V620140325
Myanmar developer Yoma sees long road to ASEAN integration
Tue Mar 25, 2014 10:31am EDT
  YANGON Myanmar-focused conglomerate Yoma Strategic Holdings Ltd (YOMA.SI) said Southeast Asia needs to work exceptionally hard to realize a balanced, European Union-style integration of such disparate economies.Yoma is listed in Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) member Singapore whose advanced island-state economy contrasts with that of fellow member Myanmar, rich in gems and natural gas but paralyzed by decades of military rule and isolating sanctions.Elsewhere in ASEAN, communist Laos has an economy that is less than 3 percent the size of that of monarchist neighbor Thailand, according to The World Bank. The population difference would suggest a size of 10 percent."That we will all share the benefits of integration is beyond dispute," Yoma Chairman Serge Pun said at the Reuters ASEAN Summit. But a "lopsided" result where some members benefit more than others "is not sustainable.""I think we will make it happen," Pun said. But "I feel that there has been...over expectation of what ASEAN integration will do for all of us."MYANMAR POTENTIALThe ASEAN chairmanship this year resides with Pun's native Myanmar, which has been looking to attract foreign investment since a quasi-civilian government took office in 2011. Asia's second-poorest country after Afghanistan has no functioning stock market from which companies can raise funds, and foreign banks cannot open branches, just maintain representative offices from where they can offer companies nothing beyond advice."I think we have a fairly long way to go to develop our financial sector, which always is the most important sector to support the growth of an economy," Pun said.The government plans to permit limited foreign bank activity this year - good news for Singapore's Oversea-Chinese Banking Corp Ltd (OCBC.SI) which has had a representative office in Myanmar for around 20 years. "When it opens up we are quite interested to establish a business presence there," Chief Executive Samuel Tsien said at the summit, at the Reuters office in Singapore."We think that's a market in which many Singaporean companies have engaged with for quite some time. There are quite a lot of Myanmar businessmen in Singapore who are already doing business with us," Tsein said.Sectors in Myanmar offering investors the highest growth include infrastructure, transportation, tourism and agriculture, Pun said.His Yoma conglomerate earns almost all of its revenue in Myanmar from property. It also leases vehicles and runs balloon tours as it aims to diversify by raising non-property revenue to 50 percent. Earlier this month, Yoma said it would spend $20 million to set up what could become Myanmar's biggest coffee plantation. It also said it would diversify by investing $46 million in dairy, $12 million in cold storage and $1.3 million in vehicle rental."I think we are very focused on Myanmar," Pun said. "For the moment, I don't think we have any plans to do anything outside of Myanmar.""We think this is a once-in-a-life-time opportunity and we intend to fully capitalize on the major reforms that have been going on, fully capitalize on the good prospects of the economy," Pun saidShares of Yoma have fallen 5.3 percent so far this year compared with a 2.0 percent decline in the benchmark stock index .FTSTI.(Editing by Christopher Cushing)
Christopher Cushing
67
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/05/27/idUSFWN0YH05120150527%3Ftype%3DcompanyNews
68
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/11/10/us-china-silkroad-idUSKCN0IU27R20141110
China pays big to expand its clout along the new Silk Road
Mon Nov 10, 2014 4:02pm EST
  CHONGQING China China, already at the center of world trade, plans to spend billions of dollars to revive intercontinental land routes and develop maritime links to expand commerce and give it more weight in a freight system dominated by European shipping lines. President Xi Jinping set out his vision during a September 2013 visit to Kazakhstan and on Saturday he announced an initial $40 billion for a "Silk Road fund" to invest in infrastructure and industrial and financial cooperation, aiming to "break the connectivity bottleneck" in Asia.The modern-day Silk Road starts at Tuanjie Village, the name - meaning "solidarity" -  given to a railway station encircled by container depots in Chongqing, a city of 30 million where laptop maker Hewlett Packard and Apple supplier Foxconn have factories, among others.The first stirrings of this new Silk Road predate Xi's plan: a direct train to Duisburg in Germany left Chongqing in 2011.A map published by state news agency Xinhua envisages two routes: an overland one snaking through Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan and Iran en route to Vienna in Austria; and a maritime route from Chinese ports to Belgium's Antwerp. Details remain sketchy, but Xinhua said the plan would focus on China's Silk Road Economic Belt and the 21st Century Maritime Silk Road initiative, building roads, railways, ports and airports across Central and South Asia."It is China's wish to have an independent route," said Henrik Christensen, president of global logistics at KTZ Express, part of Kazakhstan Railways, which helped develop the Chongqing-Duisburg route. "The cost of it is so mind-blowingly big and I would say that the only country in the world that could ever dream of this is China," he said.     One consideration may be the potential for trouble and disruption in the South China Sea, where China is in dispute with several countries over territorial rights.Another is the fact that the biggest container shipping lines are European, such as AP Moeller Maersk A/S.There are more than 240 Chinese shipping firms but they carry only a quarter of the country's trade, the Ministry of Transport said in September, when the government announced tax and regulatory reforms to modernize the sector.                Based on Reuters calculations, state-backed firms have already invested at least $5 billion in transport infrastructure over the past decade along routes that run through Central Asia and weave around Sri Lanka as well as along the Red Sea.The maritime route links the Chinese ports of Fuzhou and Guangzhou with ports in Indonesia, Sri Lanka, Kenya and Greece. Some don't see much connection there. "Of course it's lovely to call it a Maritime Silk Road and talk about a lot of synergies, but in truth what really are the synergies between these ports?" said Jonathan Beard, head of ports and logistics at consultancy ICF International.LOSS-MAKINGFirms such as China Merchants Holdings, China Railway Construction Corp, Cosco Pacific and China Communications Construction Company have built or manage about 10 ports and have offered investment in at least five rail projects in Kyrgyzstan, Kenya and elsewhere.  China's Exim Bank financed 85 percent of the cost of the $361 million first phase of Sri Lanka's Hambantota Port, which was constructed by China Harbour Engineering. A Chinese-Turkish consortium led by China Railway Construction built the $4 billion Ankara-Istanbul high-speed rail line in Turkey.The train services from Chongqing to Duisburg, and from other Chinese cities such as Chengdu and Wuhan to Europe, are loss-making and subsidized by local governments in China to support demand, according to Chinese rail officials. But neither cost nor political risks along some of the routes seem to be important for the Chinese firms involved.China Ocean Shipping Groupwants to use its extensive trade network to help increase Chongqing-Duisburg rail volumes and is ready to launch more shipping routes. The initiative "is a request from our country", Chairman Ma Zehua said during a shipping conference last week."Businesses like ours are, of course, willing to take part in the process, to contribute to its development and also benefit from it to advance our businesses," he said.  (Editing by Alan Raybould)
Alan Raybould
69
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/03/07/polaris-slingshot-idUSnPn1fLCx5%2B8c%2BPRN20150307
Polaris® Unveils Limited Edition Slingshot® At Daytona Bike Week
Sat Mar 7, 2015 1:00pm EST
    Polaris® Unveils Limited Edition Slingshot® At Daytona Bike Week PR Newswire MINNEAPOLIS, March 7, 2015   MINNEAPOLIS, March 7, 2015 /PRNewswire/-- After unleashing the much buzzed about Slingshot®, Polaris®  debuts the most exclusive Slingshot® yet at Daytona Bike Week today. Delivering on the same high-octane experience, the limited edition Slingshot® SL LE is packed with head-turning features including striking Nuclear Sunset Orange coloring throughout.  This sharp 3-wheel roadster is also equipped with dual windscreens and an interior LED white and blue lighting package for an exhilarating nighttime driving experience. "The public response to Slingshot has been phenomenal and the head-turning exhilaration it delivers is in high demand," said Mike Jonikas, Vice President of Slingshot. "We are offering Slingshot fans the chance to be one of just a few to own the exclusively striking Slingshot SL LE. We encourage you to see and experience it for yourself."The unique Slingshot® experience includes:  A low, wide stance which lets you feel the rush of pavement under the seat  An open-air cockpit for a 360-degree rush of sight, sound and smell  A shared riding experience allowing both the driver and passenger to get a front row shot of adrenaline  Optimized weight distribution and proprietary low-profile tires for maximum cornering  Lightweight and powerful, the Slingshot delivers exhilarating accelerationSlingshot® Trim Levels: Slingshot® is now offered in three distinct trim levels for a limited time only. The base Slingshot® with a U.S. MSRP of only $19,999 features titanium metallic paint, 17 inch lightweight alloy wheels upfront and an 18 inch wheel in the rear. The premium Slingshot® SL, with a U.S. MSRP of only $23,999 features red pearl paint, larger 18 inch forged aluminum wheels upfront and a 20 inch wheel in the rear, as well as a blade windscreen for wind protection. It also features a media console with a 4.3" LCD screen, back-up camera, Bluetooth® integration and a 6-speaker audio system. The Slingshot® SL LE offers all of the same upgrades as the Slingshot® SL, but on top of that will include a striking Nuclear Sunset Orange color covering parts of the body, interior, coil springs and aluminum swing arm.  It is equipped with dual windscreens and offers an interior LED lighting package with both white and blue lighting for an exhilarating nighttime driving experience. The Slingshot® SL LE has a U.S. MSRP of only $24,999.For more information about Slingshot® and where to buy them visit PolarisSlingshot.com and follow us at Facebook.com/PolarisSlingshot and @Slingshot on Twitter. About Polaris     Polaris is a recognized leader in the powersports industry with annual 2014 sales of $4.5 billion.  Polaris designs, engineers, manufactures and markets innovative, high quality off-road vehicles, including all-terrain vehicles (ATVs) and the Polaris RANGER® and RZR® side-by-side vehicles, snowmobiles, motorcycles and on-road electric/hybrid powered vehicles. Polaris is among the global sales leaders for both snowmobiles and off-road vehicles and has established a presence in the heavyweight cruiser and touring motorcycle market with the Victory® and Indian Motorcycle® and Slingshot® brands.  Additionally, Polaris continues to invest in the global on-road small electric/hybrid powered vehicle industry with Global Electric Motorcars (GEM), Goupil Industrie SA, Aixam Mega S.A.S., and internally developed vehicles. Polaris enhances the riding experience with a complete line of Polaris Engineered Parts, Accessories and Apparel, Klim branded apparel and ORV accessories under the Kolpin®, Cycle Country® and Pro Armor® brands. Polaris Industries Inc. trades on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "PII", and the Company is included in the S&P Mid-Cap 400 stock price index. Information about the complete line of Polaris products, apparel and vehicle accessories are available from authorized Polaris dealers or anytime at www.polaris.com.Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20150306/180141  To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/polaris-unveils-limited-edition-slingshot-at-daytona-bike-week-300047055.htmlSOURCE  Polaris 
None
70
http://www.reuters.com/article/2011/08/23/us-china-libya-oil-idUSTRE77M0PD20110823
China urges Libya to protect investments
Tue Aug 23, 2011 8:07am EDT
  BEIJING China on Tuesday urged Libya to protect its investments and said their oil trade benefited both countries, after a Libyan rebel warned that Chinese oil companies could lose out after the ousting of Muammar Gaddafi.The deputy head of the Chinese Ministry of Commerce's trade department, Wen Zhongliang, was responding to a question about the official at the Libyan rebel-run oil firm, AGOCO, who said Russian and Chinese firms could lose out on oil contracts for failing to back the rebellion against Gaddafi."China's investment in Libya, especially its oil investment, is one aspect of mutual economic cooperation between China and Libya, and this cooperation is in the mutual interest of both the people of China and Libya," the commerce official Wen told a news conference."We hope that after a return to stability in Libya, Libya will continue to protect the interests and rights of Chinese investors and we hope to continue investment and economic cooperation with Libya," said Wen.If acted upon, the warning from Abdeljalil Mayouf, an information manager at AGOCO, would be a headache for China, the world's second-biggest oil consumer, which last year obtained 3 percent of its imported crude from Libya.But his warning may not represent the position of an emerging, post-Gaddafi government in Tripoli. Beijing has wooed Libyan rebels, and there is sure to be a cacophony of voices among opposition groups, said Yin Gang, an expert on the Arab world at the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences in Beijing."This was one individual's opinion. I can say in four words: They would not dare; they would not dare change any contracts," said Yin. He said Chinese companies have relatively few investments in Libya, where Western companies were favored even under Gaddafi in recent years."Libya is still in a state of chaos and hasn't formed a government. There are certainly different views among the rebels," he added. The rebel official's warning nonetheless showed the tricky political terrain facing China in Arab countries emerging from popular insurrections, said Ben Simpfendorfer, managing director of Silk Road Associates, a Hong Kong-based consultancy that specializes in business between China and the Middle East."China was unusually quick to support to the NTC," said Simpfendorfer, referring to the National Transitional Council, the main rebel group at war with Gaddafi."Relative to China's typical foreign policy response, that was quite important, but relative to what Europe and the United States did, that falls short. So I think they will struggle."China shipped in roughly 150,000 barrels per day of crude oil from Libya last year through Unipec, the trading arm of Asia's top refiner Sinopec Corp that holds the long-term supply contract. That amounted to about one tenth of Libya's crude exports. "It's not Saudi Arabia, but it's not to be sneezed at," said Simpfendorfer.WELCOME OR NOT?By Tuesday, the Libyan embassy in Beijing had switched to using the red, black and green flag favored by the rebels. Any staff inside were not picking up phone calls."Even if Chinese companies fail to sign oil contracts with new Libyan government, there is not much impact on China's crude imports," said a Beijing-based industry official who spoke on condition of anonymity. About 75 Chinese companies operated in Libya before the war, involving about 36,000 staff and 50 projects, according to early Chinese media reports. Many of those firms were engaged in building roads, buildings and infrastructure.Yet Gaddafi's government was wary of China's economic reach, and Beijing also will face a harder time than Western governments in winning the ears of a government emerging from the rebellion, said Simpfendorfer, the consultant.China's top three state oil firms CNPC, Sinopec Group and CNOOC all had engineering projects in Libya, but no oil production yet, company officials said.China and Russia have a tradition of opposing intervention in sovereign states, even when Western government favor military action on humanitarian grounds.China did not use its U.N. Security Council veto power in March to block a resolution that authorized the NATO bombing campaign against Gaddafi's forces, but it then condemned the strikes and urged compromise between his government and rebels.Since then, Beijing has courted Libyan rebels by hosting their leaders and sending envoys for talks.(Reporting by Chen Aizhu, Langi Chiang, Xu Wan and Judy Hua; Editing by Ken Wills and Sanjeev Miglani)
Chen Aizhu, Langi Chiang, Xu Wan and Judy Hua
71
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/07/31/us-china-xinjiang-idUSKBN0G01CU20140731
China trial of Uighur scholar within weeks, imam reported killed
Thu Jul 31, 2014 8:05am EDT
  BEIJING A prominent ethnic Uighur professor from China's Xinjiang could be tried on separatism charges within weeks, his lawyer said on Thursday, as a senior pro-government Islamic leader was reported killed in turmoil in the region.China on Wednesday formally indicted Ilham Tohti, an economist who has championed the rights of the Muslim Uighur community in the western region, which has been beleaguered by violence and ethnic tension.The case has attracted high-level concern in the United States and European Union and is seen by rights groups as part of a crackdown on dissent in Xinjiang, where tension between Uighurs and majority Han Chinese has led to violence.Hundreds of people have been killed in Xinjiang over the past year, including some police, according to state media.Beijing police detained Tohti in January and later took him to the Xinjiang capital Urumqi, where he was accused of promoting and supporting the region's independence from China.The Urumqi prosecutor said in a statement on Wednesday that Tohti's case had been turned over to a city court, which his lawyer said violated legal procedures. Defense lawyer Li Fangping said prosecutors ignored written and verbal requests for court material and had not notified lawyers or family when the case was handed to the court."They have not given us any formal response and they have not heard our legal defense opinions. They directly sent it to the Urumqi Intermediate Court. This is fundamentally a violation of law," Li told Reuters."The prosecutors are neglecting the rights of legal defense," Li said.Li said if the court moved quickly, the case could be heard some time in August and it was unclear if he would be allowed to attend.Tohti has denied the separatism charges he faces, serious allegations that carry a maximum punishment of death. The Communist Party tightly controls courts and guilty verdicts in such cases are typically a foregone conclusion. Tohti, who teaches at Beijing's Minzu University, which specializes in ethnic minority studies, has said he never associated with any terrorist organization or foreign-based group and has "relied only on pen and paper to diplomatically request" human rights and legal rights for Uighurs.Tohti's supporters say he has challenged the government's version of several incidents involving Uighurs by pointing out inconsistencies. That includes what China says was its first major suicide attack, in Beijing's Tiananmen Square in October."I really can't take it. How could they do this? They didn't even notify his family," Tohti's wife, Guzailai Nu'er, said of the case."My husband didn't do any of these things. He is a university professor. He teaches," she said by telephone.After the indictment was announced, U.S. State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf repeated concerns about the lack of transparency in Tohti's case and called on China to release him. China rejected the U.S. comments as "rude interference".IMAM KILLEDThe announcement on Tohti came as security forces flooded parts of southern Xinjiang, after the government said dozens of knife-wielding attackers were shot dead this week. The government has yet to give a toll or a full account of what happened in Shache county, 200 km (125 miles) from the old Silk Road city of Kashgar. Unrest appeared to have spread by Wednesday to Kashgar, with police pouring into the city and roads being closed.A witness told Reuters that he had seen a body lying outside the Id Kah Mosque in Kashgar's old town on Wednesday morning. Radio Free Asia later reported later that Juma Tayir, the pro-Beijing Uighur imam at the mosque, was killed outside what is China's biggest Muslim place of worship.The radio cited the director of a neighborhood stability committee as saying Tayir, was killed in an "assassination".Reuters could not independently confirm the killing and government representatives did not answer telephone calls.Activists say the government's repressive policies and tight controls on Islam have provoked unrest. Beijing rejects that.The violence in Shache took place at the end of the Islamic holy month of Ramadan, which officials had tried to get Muslims in Xinjiang to ignore, in an indication of what rights groups say is discrimination targeting the Uighurs.Tayir, the imam, had told reporters in 2011 that the government did not restrict religious activity during Ramadan.Radio Free Asia said Tayir was controversial among Uighurs for his backing of the government after deadly riots in Urumqi in 2009 in which nearly 200 people were killed.The government blames violence in Xinjiang and other parts of the country on Islamist separatists, who, it says, want to establish an independent state called East Turkestan. (Editing by Robert Birsel)
Robert Birsel
72
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/01/08/ca-silk-road-teas-idUSnBw086264a%2B100%2BBSW20150108
Silk Road Teas Announces First Place Award - North American Tea Championship
Thu Jan 8, 2015 3:08pm EST
    Silk Road Teas Announces First Place Award -        North American Tea Championship         Silk Road Teas (SRT) (www.silkroadteas.com),        San Rafael, Ca., an importer of rare and artisan teas, announced its        Tieguanyin Oolong tea was awarded 1st Place at the North        American Tea Championship for the third consecutive year. The company’s        single-service sachet was awarded first place for the Packaged Single        Service Tea Class over a field of the U.S.’s leading tea brands. The        company will feature its Oolong tea and premium organic line at the San        Francisco Fancy Food Show (January 11-13, 2015, Booth # 4940).             “We believe that consumers want higher grade teas, to move beyond blends        and lower grades that dominate the market. Our teas are unadulterated        varietals that are organic, tasty and healthy,” said Ned Heagerty,        President of SRT. “Our line brings fresh, artisan teas from the farm to        the consumer.”             A panel of judges drawn from the U.S. tea industry rated SRT’s        Tieguanyin Oolong as “a tea with superior characteristics.” The judges        tasting comments included: “floral, nice balance, nice cup, and nice        green tea notes.” SRT’s Tieguanyin is one of 11 varieties offered in its        line of premium organic teas including 2 new teas and one tisane to be        introduced at the Fancy Food Show. New varieties include Genmaicha,        Imperial Keemun and Rooibos, each presented in a biodegradable,        pyramid-shaped sachet. Heagerty noted the sachet line offers higher        grades of leaf than is standard in the U.S. market and that the leaves        are only partially milled resulting in an unusually strong flavor and        depth of taste.             “Our line offers flavors that are unusual in the U.S. market. The result        is a remarkably good tasting cup of tea,” said Heagerty.             The tea box line is being packaged locally by adults with disabilities        through the company’s “hand in hand” program, an initiative to        create jobs in the community. Silk Road Teas’ “hand in hand”        program also donates a percentage of its sales to Ceres’ Community        Project (http://marin.ceresproject.org/),        a Marin County organization working to create a healthy community around        nourishing food for families struggling with the challenges of        life-threatening illness.             For further information, call Ned Heagerty, Silk Road Teas, 415 458        8624. Visit S.F. Fancy Food Show, Booth #4940.                Silk Road TeasNed Heagerty, 415-458-8624nedh@silkroadteas.com        
None
73
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/04/17/markets-china-stocks-close-idUSZZN2RFK0020150417
China stocks post 7th week of gains as interest shifts to blue chips
Fri Apr 17, 2015 3:15am EDT
  SHANGHAI, April 17 China stocks rose to fresh seven-year highs on Friday, posting their seventh straight week of gains, as investor interest shifted from pricy small caps to blue chip shares.The SSE50 Index futures <0#CIH:>, based on an index tracking China's 50 big companies, jumped 7.4 percent on debut while the CSI500 Index futures <0#CIC:> which is based on an index tracking 500 small-cap stocks, fell 1.4 percent."Index futures reflect market expectations, so the flood of money gushing into the stock market will be guided into blue chips," said Zhang Chen, analyst at Shanghai-based hedge fund manager Hongyi Investment.Last week, 1.68 million new A-share accounts were opened in China, the highest weekly reading in 10 years of available history. That puts the tally of new A-share account openings in China at more than 6 million just in the past month, significantly higher than the entire population of Los Angeles. The CSI300 index of the largest listed companies in Shanghai and Shenzhen rose 1.8 percent, to 4,596.14, while the Shanghai Composite Index gained 2.2 percent, to 4,287.30 points.For the week, CSI300 rose 5.8 percent and the SSEC gained 6.3 percent. But Shenzhen's Nasdaq-style start-up board ChiNext  fell 0.6 percent. Infrastructure, transport and machinery stocks jumped on expectation that they will benefit from China's ambitious "Modern Silk Road" plan that will stoke demand for industrial products.Chinese liquor makers also rose sharply. Kweichow Moutai , China's biggest maker of luxury liquor baijiu, hit a record high after rivals signalled recovery in 2015.(Reporting by Samuel Shen and Pete Sweeney; Editing by Jacqueline Wong)
Samuel Shen and Pete Sweeney
74
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/12/06/us-bitcoin-auction-winner-idUSKCN0JJ28T20141206
Venture capitalist Tim Draper wins part of U.S. bitcoin auction
Fri Dec 5, 2014 9:43pm EST
  NEW YORK Venture capitalist Tim Draper won part of the U.S. Marshals Service' auction of 50,000 bitcoins, he said in an email Friday.Draper said he successfully bid on one lot, totaling 2,000 bitcoins, on behalf of Draper Associates. The move helps fulfill his plan to invest 300 bitcoins in every startup that participates in the current session of Boost, a program for bitcoin-related startups founded by his son, Adam Draper.Draper declined to disclose the price he paid.On Thursday, the U.S. government auctioned the 50,000 bitcoins confiscated during the prosecution of the alleged owner of Silk Road, an Internet black-market bazaar where authorities say illegal drugs and other goods could be bought.It was the U.S. Marshals Service's second such auction following one in June for almost 30,000 bitcoins seized during a raid on Silk Road in 2013. Lynzey Donahue, a Marshals Service spokeswoman, said in a emailed statement that she cannot "confirm, deny or make any further announcements until the entire award process has concluded, including the completion of required financial transactions."Bitcoin has declined in value throughout the year, leading to a school of thought that growth for the young currency has peaked. But Draper said he viewed the lower prices as a buying opportunity. "Good luck to the Luddites you have been talking to," he wrote. "In a year or two, they are going to wonder what happened." He added he planned to keep investing in bitcoin-related companies in fields such as accounting and retailing.Bitcoin prices were up 2.3 percent late Friday at $377.76. Draper's success at the auction was first reported by Bloomberg. (Reporting by Gertrude Chavez-Dreyfuss and Nate Raymond; Additional reporting by Sarah McBride in San Francisco; Editing by David Gregorio and Lisa Shumaker)
Gertrude Chavez-Dreyfuss and Nate Raymond
75
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/09/18/il-silkroad-idUSnBw185808a%2B100%2BBSW20140918
“SilkRoad Cares” to Kick Off at HR Tech Conference
Thu Sep 18, 2014 10:13am EDT
    “SilkRoad Cares” to Kick Off at HR Tech Conference   Offers Attendees a Forum to Highlight Favorite Charities and Win        $1,000 Donation         SilkRoad, a leading global provider of cloud-based talent        management solutions, is set to launch its “SilkRoad Cares”        initiative at this year’s HR Tech Conference & Exposition. The program        begins with “We Care,” and provides HR Tech attendees who stop by        SilkRoad’s Booth (1603) the opportunity to shine a light on their        charity of choice.             Click here        to tweet this release.             “We are pleased to contribute to a charity our customers and HR Tech        attendees care about,” said John Shackleton, President and CEO of        SilkRoad. “SilkRoad truly cares about its customers and their employees.        We want to express this by supporting the causes they care most about.”       How to Participate            Stop by booth 1603 at HR Tech Conference                 Nominate your charity and why it means so much to you           Have your picture taken as you nominate           Tweet your picture to #hrtechconf and mention @SilkRoadtweets          for an extra entry!                 Entries close at 5PM Thursday, October 9.                 The winning charity will be announced on SilkRoad’s Twitter,          Facebook,          LinkedIn          pages!                Stop by SilkRoad’s booth to enter your charity and receive your “We        Care” kit. Attend a demo of the Life Suite, which includes:       Talent Acquisition    SilkRoad Recruiting – Applicant tracking system that offers the          latest features to find, attract, screen and hire top talent.         SilkRoad Onboarding – Helps drive engagement during every phase          of the employee lifecycle.          Talent Development    SilkRoad Performance – Flexible performance management, goal          planning, reviews and 360-feedback features, all in an easy-to-use          Interface.         SilkRoad Learning – Centrally manages, tracks and reports on          all learning activities, including, online, classroom, on-the-job,          collaboration, and mobile learning.          Talent Administration    SilkRoad HRMS – Provides organizations a single system of          record for managing employee, job and organizational data.         SilkRoad Talent Apps – Easy integration with best-in-class HR          solution providers, including a friendly marketplace.                For more information on the Life Suite, visit: www.silkroad.com.       About SilkRoad         SilkRoad is a leading global provider of cloud-based, end-to-end talent        management solutions that enable customers to find, attract, develop,        and retain the best talent. The award-winning SilkRoad Life Suite        includes Talent Acquisition, Talent Development, and HRMS solutions that        are delivered through a tablet-friendly Talent Portal. The suite is easy        to deploy and use – a single platform to rapidly boost employee        engagement and business performance. Visit www.silkroad.com,        follow on Twitter @SilkRoadTweets        or call 866-329-3363 (U.S. toll free) or +1-312-574-3700.                SilkRoadRyan Rivera, (312) 300-4420Ryan.Rivera@silkroad.com        
None
76
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/10/09/il-silkroad-idUSnBw095952a%2B100%2BBSW20141009
SilkRoad Announces Commitment to Microsoft Azure
Thu Oct 9, 2014 11:27am EDT
    SilkRoad Announces Commitment to Microsoft Azure   Standardization to Boost Innovation and Performance Across Ecosystems         SilkRoad, a leading global provider of cloud-based talent        management solutions, announced plans to standardize the SilkRoad        Life Suite on Microsoft Azure. To be released in the first half of 2015,        the integration will bring unique benefits to SilkRoad and Microsoft        customers.       Highlights of SilkRoad Life Suite Solution on        Azure    Price for performance – Azure will provide SilkRoad and its          Life Suite customers with outstanding performance, while delivering          state-of-the-art scalability and resilience.         Robust development environment – SilkRoad and its customers          will benefit from increases in innovation and productivity that are          made possible via the world-class Azure environment, including          round-the-clock support.         SilkRoad and Microsoft application integration – Customers will          benefit from a more complete enterprise solution that’s easy to deploy          and includes SilkRoad Life Suite, and Microsoft Dynamics, Office 365          and SharePoint applications.                “We are very pleased to be making this move to Microsoft Azure,” said        John Shackleton, President and CEO of SilkRoad. “This partnership will        provide unique benefits to SilkRoad and its customers, including        unparalleled product quality and significant boosts in productivity.”             “Microsoft is thrilled to have SilkRoad join the growing number of        businesses that are standardizing their solutions on Azure,” said Mike        Schutz, General Manager of Cloud Platform Marketing, Microsoft.        “SilkRoad will benefit from significant development productivity gains,        and customers will enjoy the easy integration options with Microsoft        solutions, knowing their cloud-based talent management solution is built        on a scalable and secure platform.”       Learn More            Visit Azure           Visit SilkRoad    About SilkRoad         SilkRoad is a leading global provider of cloud-based, end-to-end talent        management solutions that enable customers to find, attract, develop,        and retain the best talent. The award-winning SilkRoad Life Suite        includes Talent Acquisition, Talent Development, and HRMS solutions that        are delivered through a tablet-friendly Talent Portal. The suite is easy        to deploy and use – a single platform to rapidly boost employee        engagement and business performance. Visit www.silkroad.com,        follow on Twitter @SilkRoadTweets or call 866-329-3363 (U.S. toll free)        or +1-312-574-3700.                SilkRoadRyan Rivera, 312.300.4420Ryan.Rivera@silkroad.com        
None
77
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/03/28/china-economy-oneroad-idUSB9N0WU00220150328
China will support overseas bond issues by local firms to fund "One belt, One road" projects - Xinhua
Sat Mar 28, 2015 2:58am EDT
  March 28 China will encourage Chinese companies to issue bonds overseas to fund projects for the "One belt, One road" initiative, a plan to boost connectivity across Asia for which it has created a $40 billion fund, according to a framework agreement released on Saturday.The agreement was released by a number of different Chinese authorities simultaneously. The title refers to Beijing's plan for creating a modern Silk Road Economic Belt and a 21st Century Maritime Silk Road connecting Asia with Central Asia, Europe and Africa.  (Reporting By Engen Tham; Editing by Kim Coghill)
Engen Tham
78
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/04/25/uk-ghana-ivorycoast-oil-tullow-idUSKBN0NG0WC20150425
Tullow says 'TEN' oil project 'can move ahead' after court ruling
Sat Apr 25, 2015 4:04pm EDT
  ACCRA British company Tullow (TLW.L) said on Saturday its offshore oil and gas project TEN "can move ahead" after an international maritime tribunal ruled in a border dispute between Ghana and Ivory Coast.The company said it would await instructions from Ghana's government on implementing provisional measures ordered by the International Tribunal of the Law of the Sea, which ruled that Ghana could continue the $4.9 billion (3.2 billion pound) development, but not engage in new exploration.      (Reporting by Matthew Mpoke Bigg; Editing by Kevin Liffey)
Matthew Mpoke Bigg
79
http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/12/31/china-xinjiang-idUSL3N0KA0A820131231
China blames religious extremism for attack in Xinjiang
Mon Dec 30, 2013 9:21pm EST
  BEIJING Dec 31 Chinese police said the nine people responsible for a deadly "terrorist attack" in the western region of Xinjiang were promoting religious extremism, state media reported on Tuesday.Xinjiang is home to a Turkic-speaking, Muslim people known as Uighurs, some of whom resent what they see as oppressive treatment by the government.The Xinjiang government said police shot dead eight people on Monday during the attack in Yarkand county close to the old Silk Road city of Kashgar in Xinjiang's south. The violence raised the death toll from clashes there to at least 35 since November.State news agency Xinhua said late on Monday an initial probe showed the gang, led by Usman Barat and Abdugheni Abdukhadir, had gathered to watch terrorist videos and promote religious extremist ideas since August. They had also raised funds, made and tested explosives for planned terrorist attacks, Xinhua cited Xinjiang police as saying.Judging from their names, the suspects appear to be Uighur. Many Uighurs chafe at restrictions on their culture, language and religion, though the government insists it grants them broad freedoms.Rights groups and exiles say police often use often heavy-handed tactics against the Uighur community. Violence has broken out previously when groups of Uighurs protest at police stations, they say. At least 91 people, including several police, have been killed in violence in Xinjiang since April, according to state media reports.This month, police shot dead 14 people during a riot near Kashgar in which two policemen were also killed.China has previously blamed some of the violence in Xinjiang on Islamist militants plotting holy war.            (Reporting by Sui-Lee Wee; Editing by Nick Macfie)
Sui-Lee Wee
80
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/05/26/us-usa-crime-silkroad-idUSKBN0OB2LW20150526
Silk Road drug site staff member avoids further U.S. prison time
Tue May 26, 2015 6:29pm EDT
  NEW YORK An Australian man who moderated the discussion forums on the underground drug website Silk Road was sentenced to time served on Tuesday after already being in custody for 17 months.Peter Nash, 42, dropped his head into his hands as U.S. District Judge Thomas Griesa in Manhattan announced the sentence, which came after he provided prosecutors information about his conduct and pleaded guilty."It's very gratifying that Peter can return home and be reunited with his fiancée and his family," Andrew Frisch, his lawyer, said outside of court.The proceedings came just three days before a U.S. federal judge is set to sentence Ross Ulbricht, the creator of Silk Road who authorities say operated the website under the alias Dread Pirate Roberts. He faces up to life in prison.Silk Road operated for more than two years, allowing users to anonymously buy drugs and other illicit goods using the digital currency bitcoin and generating over $214 million in sales in the process, prosecutors said. Nash was one of a handful of staff members working on Silk Road at the time of Ulbricht's arrest the website's shutdown in October 2013, operating under the alias Samesamebutdifferent.Nash, who also had worked for a support service for adults with mental disabilities, was charged in December 2013 along with two alleged site administrators, Andrew Jones and Gary Davis, and arrested in Australia.After being extradited, he pleaded guilty in March to conspiracy to commit narcotics trafficking and money laundering, telling Griesa then that he became involved with Silk Road to buy drugs and for "social connections." Nash at his plea said he never knew the real identity of Silk Road's operator, who asked him to moderate its discussion forums. Frisch said he used the $25,000 he earned to buy drugs."It was never my intention to cause upset or harm," Nash said in court Tuesday. "But needless to say that is what happened."While Nash normally would face 10 years minimum in prison in light of his plea, that requirement was waived as Nash was a first-time, non-violent offender who provided information to prosecutors about his conduct. Ulbricht, 31, was found guilty in February of charges including of conspiracy to commit drug trafficking, money laundering, computer hacking, and other charges.Jones pleaded guilty in October. Davis is pending extradition in Ireland.The case is U.S. v. Jones, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No, 13-cr-950. (Reporting by Nate Raymond in New York, editing by G Crosse)
Nate Raymond in New York, editing by G Crosse
81
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/05/27/cybercrime-usa-court-idUSL1N0OD0IL20140527
Computer hacker turned FBI mole sentenced in U.S. to time served
Tue May 27, 2014 12:50pm EDT
  NEW YORK May 27 A leading hacker who authorities say helped disrupt at least 300 cyber attacks after agreeing to become an FBI cooperator was sentenced to time served on Tuesday.Authorities say Hector Xavier Monsegur, a onetime member of the cyber-activist hacking group Anonymous who under the name "Sabu" co-founded the offshoot LulzSec, had assisted in pursuing cases against eight other suspected hackers since 2011.Monsegur's cooperation shocked the hacking community, but  during his sentencing in a large ceremonial courtroom in New York filled with journalists and observers, U.S. District Judge Loretta Preska repeatedly saluted his help as extraordinary."That personal characteristic of turning on a dime and doing good and not evil is the most important factor in this sentence," said Preska.Monsegur had served about seven months in prison and the judge also sentenced him to a year of probation.Monsegur, wearing a black shirt, khaki pants and wire-rim glasses, nodded affirmatively while Preska described his assistance to the government. "I assure you, I'm not the same person you saw three years ago," Monsegur told the judge. "I'm ready to move on."According to a court filing by U.S. prosecutors, Monsegur, 30, and five other members of Anonymous formed LulzSec, which engaged in hacks on companies including Internet security firm HB Gary, News Corp's Fox Television, Tribune Co  and Sony Corp, as well as the website for the U.S. Senate.After the FBI approached him at his home in June 2011, Monsegur agreed to cooperate with law enforcement. Monsegur secretly pleaded guilty to charges including computer hacking in August 2011, a fact that did not become public until charges were announced against five other hackers connected with LulzSec in 2012.Among those charged was Jeremy Hammond, a Chicago resident who at the time was the FBI's No.1 cyber criminal target.Hammond, 29, was sentenced in November to 10 years in prison after pleading guilty to cyber attacks on various government agencies and businesses. U.S. prosecutors said in the court filing that Monsegur's cooperation also led to the prosecution of Matthew Keys, a former deputy social media editor of Reuters.com. Keys has pleaded not guilty to charges that he aided members of  Anonymous.Monsegur also engaged in a "significant undercover operation" that exposed an unnamed subject's role in an existing investigation soliciting cyber attacks on a foreign government, prosecutors said. No charges have resulted in the case.The roughly 300 computer hacks Monsegur helped prevent included targets such as the U.S. Armed Forces, the U.S. Congress, the federal courts, and NASA, prosecutors said.He also provided information about vulnerabilities in critical infrastructure such as a city's water utility and a foreign energy company.While U.S. authorities praised Monsegur's cooperation, they also said in the court filing that contrary to rumor, Monsegur was not involved in the prosecution of operators of Silk Road, an Internet black-market bazaar that accepted Bitcoin.   (Editing by Grant McCool)
Grant McCool
82
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/03/07/us-china-parliament-xinjiang-idUSKBN0M30G920150307
China city boss warns against Islamic head coverings in Xinjiang
Sat Mar 7, 2015 7:22am EST
  BEIJING Veils and head coverings represent a cultural reverse in western China's Xinjiang region, said the top Communist Party boss in Kashgar, the city the government describes as the "frontline" in its battle against religious extremism.Kashgar and the surrounding areas of southern Xinjiang has suffered from some of the worst ethnic tensions in the region between the largely Muslim Uighur ethnic minority and majority Han Chinese.Exiled Uighur groups and human rights activists say the government's repressive policies in Xinjiang, including controls on Islam, have provoked unrest. Hundreds have died in violence in recent years, many in southern, predominantly Uighur parts of Xinjiang. The government has also blamed attacks elsewhere in China, including Beijing, on Islamist militants from Xinjiang, and said separatists there seek to set up an independent state called East Turkestan.Some Xinjiang cities have placed restrictions on Islamic dress, including the capital Urumqi, which banned the wearing of veils in public late last year. "We have to take strides forward as a secular, modern country," Zeng Cun, the party secretary of the old Silk Road city of Kashgar, said on Saturday."But in some places in Kashgar from last year there are face veils and head coverings. This is equivalent to retreating back over the modern, secular strides we have taken. This is a cultural reverse," Zeng said in a rare interview with Reuters on the sidelines of an annual meeting of China's parliament. Uighurs have traditionally followed a moderate form of Islam but many have begun adopting practices more commonly seen in Saudi Arabia or Afghanistan, such as full-face veils for women, as China has intensified a security crackdown in recent years."Kashgar is Xinjiang's frontline against terrorism," Zeng said, though he would not give details on the number of people who have died in or near Kashgar in recent incidents. China has expressed concern about the rise of the Islamic State, nervous about the effect it could have on Xinjiang, which borders Pakistan and Afghanistan. Chinese leaders have warned that extremists have illegally left the country to fight on battlefields in Iraq and Syria. (Reporting by Michael Martina; editing by Clelia Oziel)
Michael Martina
83
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/02/14/bitcoin-idUSL2N0LJ0NM20140214
Bitstamp to resume withdrawals, steadying nervous bitcoin market
Fri Feb 14, 2014 3:51pm EST
  NEW YORK Feb 14 One of the bitcoin exchanges that recently suspended withdrawals of the digital currency on Friday said it planned to allow redemptions to resume later in the day, restoring some confidence to the shaken market.Slovenia-based Bitstamp, among the largest bitcoin exchanges, said on its website that developers had come up with a solution to thwart the cyber attacks against its platform that had forced the hiatus. It suspended withdrawals on Tuesday, days after one of the best known exchanges, Mt. Gox, suspended withdrawals indefinitely."After additional testing, we plan to enable bitcoin withdrawals later today," Bitstamp's statement said.Mt. Gox has not yet resumed withdrawals and has not issued a public update on the matter since Monday. Bitcoin prices continued their pattern of volatile trading on Friday, and prices varied widely by exchange. On Mt. Gox, where trading has continued despite the withdrawal suspension, the price plunged to as low as $302 early on Friday, but recovered later in the day following the Bitstamp announcement, last trading at $443, down about 7.5 percent from Thursday."The news that Bitstamp is resuming withdrawals restored some confidence and prompted people to buy back bitcoin," said Joseph Trevisani, chief market strategist at WorldWideMarkets in Woodcliff Lake, New Jersey. "The fear trade seems to have dissipated." At CoinDesk, which this week excluded Mt. Gox data from its Bitcoin Price Index, the currency's price was substantially higher. There, bitcoin was quoted at $647.12, up more than 8 percent on the day.Adding to the choppiness were reports that the online drugs marketplace Silk Road 2 had been hacked and drained of about $2.7 million worth of the digital currency. CNN said the site's administrator posted the news late on Thursday. The first Silk Road site, which like its successor was accessible only using a special program that hides users' physical locations, was shut down last year by U.S. law enforcement authorities, and the man authorities say was behind its operations was arrested and charged with narcotics trafficking and money laundering."There should be no impact on bitcoin prices based on the reduction of illegal activity," said Sebastien Galy, currency strategist at Societe Generale in New York. "It really indicates that there's nervousness in the market."Galy said seasoned traders likely bought bitcoin after its price dropped."Professional traders would recognize that there is overselling based on irrational fears," he said.
None
84
http://www.reuters.com/article/2008/09/11/us-afghan-statue-idUSISL34253320080911
Giant Buddha statue unearthed in Afghanistan
Thu Sep 11, 2008 3:38am EDT
  KABUL Archaeologists have discovered a 19-metre (62-foot) Buddha statue along with scores of other historical relics in central Afghanistan near the ruins of giant statues destroyed by the Islamist Taliban seven years ago.The team was searching for a giant sleeping Buddha believed to have been seen by a Chinese pilgrim centuries ago when it came upon the relics in the central province of Bamiyan, an official said on Monday."In total, 89 relics such as coins, ceramics and a 19 meters statue have been unearthed," Mohammad Zia Afshar, adviser in the information and culture ministry, told Reuters.He said the idol, in sleeping posture, was badly damaged. The other relics dated back to the Bactrian era and from Islamic and Buddhist civilizations. Lying on the old Silk Road and linking West with the East, Bamiyan was once a thriving Buddhist centre where monks lived in caves. In 2001 the Taliban blew up two giant standing Buddha statues carved into a cliff face saying they were offensive to Islam, despite appeals worldwide.Later that year U.S.-led and Afghan forces toppled the Taliban government, and work has begun to restore the biggest of the two destroyed statues, once the tallest standing Buddha in the world. The mammoth task is expected to take a decade. The latest discovery has raised hopes of finding a 300-metre-long Buddha statue that according to an ancient Chinese pilgrim is lying in Bamiyan, Afshar said.Afghanistan has suffered decades of foreign interventions and civil war, and many of its historical relics, belonging to various civilizations, have been destroyed or looted. Scientists said in April that they had found conclusive evidence the world's first ever oil paintings were in caves near the two destroyed giant statues of Buddha in Bamiyan, hundreds of years before oil paint was used in Europe.Samples from paintings dated to the 7th century AD, they said. Paintings found in 12 of the 50 caves were created using oil paints, possibly from walnut or poppy, according to the European Synchrotron Radiation Facility (ESRF).It was not until the 13th century that oil was added to paints in Europe and oil paint was not widely used in Europe till the early 15th century.(Editing by Sanjeev Miglani and Jerry Norton)
Sanjeev Miglani and Jerry Norton
85
http://www.reuters.com/article/slideshow/idUSKCN0J31AC20141119
86
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/04/04/us-china-economy-overseas-idUSKBN0MV02G20150404
Chinese Premier pledges support for firms to 'charge out into the world'
Sat Apr 4, 2015 12:03am EDT
  SHANGHAI China plans to cut red tape and reduce costs for Chinese firms looking to spread their reach overseas to help boost growth and stave off a wider economic slowdown, according to a statement from the ruling State Council."This will help us withstand the downward economic pressure, and push China's development into new spaces," the statement, released late on Friday, quoted Premier Li Keqiang as saying at a meeting with officials and business leaders.Li said China should boost financial mechanisms to support companies investing outside China's borders and streamline approval processes to help companies set up facilities overseas. Some sectors would still require stricter approvals, he said."We should clear up or remove unreasonable restrictions or costs holding back investment overseas to allow our industries to charge out into the world unfettered and rise up through facing competition on the global stage," he added." Chinese companies in sectors from consumer goods to railways and nuclear energy are increasingly looking to tap overseas markets as growth at home slows, as well as to gain valuable technical knowledge through tie-ups with international firms.Li said China had the expertise and capability to provide equipment and services to developing countries for big engineering projects, reflecting Beijing's recent push to create a modern day "Silk Road" that will connect countries around the region through infrastructure investment. Chinese President Xi Jinping said last week he hoped the country's annual trade with countries along the Silk Road would surpass $2.5 trillion in a decade. Beijing has previously urged Chinese firms to increase their overseas presence to boost competitiveness with global rivals. (Reporting by Adam Jourdan; Editing by Paul Tait)
Adam Jourdan
87
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/03/22/us-australia-silkroad-extradition-idUSBREA2L03K20140322
Australia mulls extradition of alleged Silk Road moderator
Sat Mar 22, 2014 1:52am EDT
  CANBERRA The Australian government said it is deciding whether to extradite to the United States an alleged moderator of Silk Road, a website where people buy illegal drugs like heroin and cocaine using digital currency bitcoin.Peter Phillip Nash, 41, from Australia's Queensland state, and two other men were charged with conspiracy to engage in narcotics trafficking, computer hacking and money laundering in relation to the website in December.On Saturday, a spokeswoman for Australian Attorney-General George Brandis confirmed Nash appeared before a court in Queensland on Friday where he formally waived extradition rights."The Australian Minister for Justice must now determine under section 15B of the Extradition Act whether to surrender Mr Nash to the United States of America," the spokeswoman said. A spokesperson for Australian Minister for Justice Michael Keenan could not immediately be reached for comment. The two other accused men, aged 24 and 25, were arrested in the United States and Ireland and were administrators for the website, while Nash was a primary moderator, the indictment, made public in December, said.The charges followed the arrest in October of alleged Silk Road founder Ross Ulbricht, who is known online as "Dread Pirate Roberts. The indictment said the three men were part of Ulbricht's "small support staff" for Silk Road with salaries ranging from $50,000 to $75,000 a year. Nash, who was also known by names including "Batman73" and "Anonymousasshit," was a moderator since at least January 2013.(Reporting by Byron Kaye; Editing by Michael Perry)
Byron Kaye
88
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/02/09/romania-imf-mission-idUSR5N0QA02920150209
Romania discussions with IMF stumble over gas and coal policy - PM
Mon Feb 9, 2015 7:02am EST
  BUCHAREST Feb 9 Romania's aid deal discussions with the International Monetary Fund has hit a road block over gas deregulation and restructuring the state-owned coal industry, Prime Minister Victor Ponta told reporters on Monday.The two sides have not signed a letter of agreement after the latest round of talks on Romania's standby aid deal, but a new IMF mission will come to Bucharest in April, Ponta added. A series of aid agreements has supported Romania's economy since 2009 and the latest is due to expire in September.  (Reporting by Luiza Ilie; Writing by Matthias Williams; Editing by Alison Williams)
Luiza Ilie
89
http://www.reuters.com/article/2009/11/30/cossette-millroad-idUSN3039515820091130
UPDATE 2-Cossette accepts sweetened Mill Road bid
Mon Nov 30, 2009 5:58pm EST
   * Says new bid worth C$8.10 a share * Board recommends Mill Road bid, rejects Cosmos offer  (Adds details on offer, Cosmos comments) By Euan Rocha TORONTO, Nov 30 (Reuters) - Canadian advertising agency Cossette Inc KOS.TO said on Monday it has accepted a sweetened bid from U.S. private equity group Mill Road Capital and it continues to recommend that its shareholders reject an unsolicited takeover proposal from Cosmos Capital. Quebec City-based Cossette said its board has accepted the amended Mill Road proposal, which values the company at C$8.10 a share, or C$135.3 million ($128 million). Earlier this month, Mill Road had reached an agreement with Cossette to buy the company for C$7.87 a share, trumping an unsolicited bid from Canada's Cosmos Capital worth C$5.25 a share.  Cossette, the country's largest home-grown ad agency, has been fending off Cosmos Capital's overtures since July. It rejected the company's initial proposal of C$4.95 a share and its subsequent sweetened offers. In August, Cossette hired BMO Capital Markets as its financial advisor to solicit alternative proposals. Since July, Cossette shares have risen almost 150 percent and closed Monday at C$8.02 on the Toronto Stock Exchange. Cosmos recently said it would match Mill Road's C$7.87 a share offer and indicated that it may even consider raising its bid to C$8.10. [ID:nN18504712]  A spokeswoman for Cosmos said the company is waiting for Cossette to file regulatory documents related to the new proposal before responding to Cossette's announcement. "We have to take stock (of the situation) and think it through with the documents in hand and understand them fully before we make any kind of decision or statement," said Sylvia Morin. Morin said Cosmos is likely to issue a statement within a couple of days.  Cossette, which serves major transnational clients, including McDonald's, Bell Canada, General Motors and Coca-Cola, said its amended agreement with Mill Road includes a break-up fee of C$4.5 million. The agency, which has offices in Canada, Britain, the United States and China, said it continues to favor the Mill Road offer as it is is not subject to due diligence, or financing conditions. Mill Road's proposal would also allow incumbent Chief Executive Claude Lessard to continue running the ad agency. Cosmos said it did hold discussions with a special committee appointed by Cossette. The talks were with regard to Cosmos possibly raising its bid to C$8.10 a share, but no final resolution was reached. "Our correspondence with the special committee supported our ability to go to C$8.10 (a share) and that might have in fact triggered the (sweetened Mill Road) offer this morning," said Morin.  ($1=$1.06 Canadian)  (Reporting by Euan Rocha; editing by Rob Wilson)  ((euan.rocha@thomsonreuters.com; +1 416 941 8185; Reuters Messaging: euan.rocha.reuters.com@reuters.net)) 
Euan Rocha
90
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/01/18/us-usa-bitcoin-forfeiture-idUSBREA0G1K920140118
The U.S. government's bitcoin bonanza: How, where and when to sell?
Sat Jan 18, 2014 2:10pm EST
  NEW YORK U.S. prosecutors in Manhattan are sitting on a multimillion-dollar bitcoin gold mine. And it could get much bigger.Federal authorities hauled in 29,655 units of the digital currency - worth $27 million at current exchange rates - through an official forfeiture by Bitcoin this week.The bitcoins had belonged to Silk Road, an anonymous online black market that authorities say was a conduit for purchases of drugs and computer hacking services - even a place where assassins may have advertised. It was shuttered after an FBI raid in September, when agents took control of its server and arrested the man they say was its founder in San Francisco.No one stepped forward to claim these bitcoins, which were found in electronic "wallets" used to store the digital currency. An additional 144,336 bitcoins, worth more than $128 million today, were also discovered, but the government's claim on them is being disputed by Ross William Ulbricht, 29, who U.S. authorities say was the founder and main operator of Silk Road. They had been stashed on his laptop.It all puts authorities in an unusual position, given their concerns about the way in which bitcoins and other digital currencies are used by criminals to circumvent regulations intended to prevent money laundering. By trading in bitcoins, the government could give the currency some legitimacy.Bitcoin is essentially software code that defines units of value, which users can move back and forth among themselves. Unlike other virtual money transmitters, its value isn't pegged to a hard currency like the dollar or the euro; it is determined by the demand for bitcoins.The U.S. Marshals Service, which is in charge of liquidating such seized assets, will have to decide whether to sell the units on a Bitcoin exchange or find a private buyer, perhaps through an auction.A spokeswoman for Preet Bharara, the U.S. Attorney for New York's Southern District, said Friday that the government is still trying to decide what to do with the forfeited bitcoins. The timing of any sale could make a big difference in the amount the government could realize.Bitcoin's value has fluctuated wildly over the past six months. When Silk Road was seized, the bitcoins found on the server were worth $3.6 million, far below their current $27 million value. Friday's exchange rate was about $900 per bitcoin, according to the Tokyo-based Bitcoin exchange MtGox.It is unclear whether a large sale of bitcoins by the government could drive down the price. Friday's volume on MtGox, which is the largest Bitcoin exchange, was 8,656 units."If it's worth $27 million now, is that a high part of the market? A low part of the market? That's one of the decisions they're going to have to make," said Louis Rulli, a professor at the University of Pennsylvania Law School. "It would seem to me that they would probably convert those bitcoins into cash relatively quickly."Barry Silbert, the founder of one of the first investment funds that lets retail investors gain exposure to Bitcoin, declined to offer an opinion on what the government should do with its stash or how a sale would affect the market.Marco Santori, chairman of the regulatory affairs committee for the Bitcoin Foundation, which is Bitcoin's official trade group, said the group did not have an official position on the matter.'THIS WON'T BE DIFFICULT' Most goods seized by U.S. authorities end up in the hands of the U.S. Marshals, where they are auctioned or, at times, repurposed for government use. But the Marshals aren't just practiced at unloading forfeited SUVs or houses; they also deal with complex financial instruments, foreign companies and other kinds of obscure assets forfeited by criminals."While Bitcoin is a somewhat new form of asset, it's not unusual for them to have to find out how to liquidate a new asset," said Jeffrey Alberts, a partner at Pryor Cashman and a former federal prosecutor in Manhattan. "This won't be difficult for them, whether they do it through an exchange or find a buyer who wants to buy it directly from them."Ulbricht was arrested October 1 in a San Francisco public library and charged by prosecutors in New York with one count each of money laundering, computer hacking and drug trafficking. He is being held at a federal detention center in New York without bail. He has not entered a formal plea but has maintained his innocence through statements by his lawyer.Prosecutors last week asked a judge to grant them a default judgment in the civil forfeiture case they filed after the raid on Silk Road and Ulbricht's arrest claiming Silk Road's assets. U.S. District Judge J. Paul Oetken signed an order to that effect on Wednesday, giving the government control of the 29,655 Bitcoins from Silk Road's server but not of the bitcoins - the larger sum - discovered on Ulbricht's computer. Those are still in dispute.The proceeds from any sale would be turned over to an asset forfeiture fund from which the U.S. Justice Department can draw for law enforcement activities. If any money were to come back to prosecutors' budgets, it would be distributed evenly among U.S. attorneys' offices, a policy meant to prevent individual offices from unduly seizing assets to pad their budgets.(This story was fixed to correct Marco Santori's title in 15th paragraph)(Reporting By Emily Flitter; Editing by Martin Howell and Douglas Royalty)
Emily Flitter
91
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/05/19/idUSnGNX7RrR89%2B1d4%2BGNW20150519
Horizon Technology Finance Provides $7.5 Million Venture Loan to SilkRoad Technology
Tue May 19, 2015 4:15pm EDT
   FARMINGTON, Conn. and CHICAGO, May 19, 2015 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Horizon Technology Finance Corporation (Nasdaq:HRZN) ("Horizon"), a leading specialty finance company that provides capital in the form of secured loans to venture capital backed companies in the technology, life science, healthcare information and services and cleantech industries, announced today it has closed a $7.5 million venture loan to SilkRoad Technology, Inc. ("SilkRoad"), a global provider of cloud-based talent management solutions. SilkRoad will use the funds for working capital purposes. 	"SilkRoad, a provider of innovative human resources management software, is an exciting addition to our diversified venture loan portfolio," stated Gerald A. Michaud, President of Horizon. "SilkRoad's product offerings assist companies with a variety of mission critical human resource needs. With our growth capital, SilkRoad has bolstered its liquidity to contribute to its encouraging growth outlook." 	John Shackleton, President and CEO of SilkRoad, stated, "We appreciate the support and financing solution provided by Horizon, an experienced direct originator of venture loans. With Horizon's attractive growth capital we are well positioned to add value for our current customers while marketing our best in class products to prospective organizations."  About Horizon Technology Finance 	Horizon Technology Finance Corporation is a leading specialty finance company that provides capital in the form of secured loans to companies backed by venture capital firms within the technology, life science, healthcare information and services and cleantech industries. The investment objective of Horizon is to maximize total returns by generating current income from a portfolio of directly originated secured loans as well as capital appreciation from warrants that it receives when making such loans. Headquartered in Farmington, Connecticut, Horizon has regional offices in Walnut Creek, California and Reston, Virginia. Horizon's common stock trades on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the ticker symbol "HRZN". To learn more, please visit www.horizontechnologyfinancecorp.com.  About SilkRoad  	SilkRoad is a leading global provider of cloud-based, end-to-end talent management solutions that enable customers to find, attract, develop, and retain the best talent. The award-winning SilkRoad Life Suite includes Talent Acquisition, Talent Development, and HRMS solutions that are delivered through a tablet-friendly Talent Portal. The suite is easy to deploy and use – a single platform to rapidly boost employee engagement and business performance. Visit www.silkroad.com, follow on Twitter @SilkRoadTweets or call 866-329-3363 (U.S. toll free) or 312-574-3700. Forward-Looking Statements Statements included herein may constitute "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Statements other than statements of historical facts included in this press release may constitute forward-looking statements and are not guarantees of future performance, condition or results and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors, including those described from time to time in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Horizon undertakes no duty to update any forward-looking statement made herein. All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release.CONTACT: Horizon Technology Finance          Christopher M. Mathieu          Chief Financial Officer          (860) 676-8653          chris@horizontechfinance.com                    Investor Relations and Media Contacts:          The IGB Group          Matt Steinberg / Leon Berman          (212) 477-8261 / (212) 477-8438          msteinberg@igbir.com / lberman@igbir.com
None
92
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/11/20/china-economy-investment-idUSL3N0TA2KP20141120
China wasted $6.9 trillion on bad investment post 2009 - media
Thu Nov 20, 2014 1:58am EST
  BEIJING Nov 20 China wasted an approximate 42 trillion yuan ($6.9 trillion) on "ineffective investment" in the five years from 2009, with the problem worsening in the past two years, a government official and an economist were quoted as saying in the local media.From relying too much on investment to lift the economy to supplying state firms with cheap loans that fuelled unnecessary spending, the two pressed China to face up to its problem of making investment with low or no efficiency.Their calculations - one of the starkest to date - showed that unproductive investment took up almost half of China's total investment in 2009 and 2013.The remarks were made by Xu Ce of the development and planning department at China's top economic planner, the National Development and Reform Commission, and Wang Yuan from the Academy of Macro Economic Research, which is linked to the commission.Their comments were published in an opinion piece in the Shanghai Securities News on Thursday, with the caveat that their views did not reflect official thinking. "The problem of low- or no-efficiency investment has reached a time where it must be faced up to," Xu and Wang wrote.China has acknowledged that it is overly-dependent on investment to power the world's second-biggest economy, but re-ordering the growth model takes time. Investment contributed to 42 percent of China's economic growth between January and September this year. Xu and Wang said the problem should be addressed now as China seeks to develop regional economies, including those along the old Silk Road trading route where it has promised to spend $40 billion.Exhorting caution, Xu and Wang said China wasted between 4.7 trillion yuan and 13.2 trillion yuan each year between 2009 and 2013 on investment with zero efficiency. The money wasted on such projects peaked in 2013 at 13.2 trillion yuan, or 47 percent of China's total fixed capital formation for that year, their calculations showed.Investment quality had fallen so much recently that nearly two-thirds of the 67 trillion yuan that China wasted from 1997 were spent after 2008.Easy liquidity conditions worldwide, state campaigns to revitalise some sectors that led to over-investment, delays in the restructuring of some firms and judging government performances by the level of economic growth all fed wastage, they said. (1 US dollar = 6.1242 Chinese yuan)   (Reporting by Koh Gui Qing; Editing by Kim Coghill)
Koh Gui Qing
93
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/06/21/us-china-security-idUSKBN0EW07D20140621
Chinese police shoot dead 13 attackers in restive Xinjiang
Sat Jun 21, 2014 8:01am EDT
  SHANGHAI Chinese police shot dead 13 attackers in the restive far-western region of Xinjiang on Saturday after they rammed a car into a police station and detonated explosives, Xinhua news agency said, in the latest of a series of attacks to worry Beijing.China has been toughening its response to violent crime after a spate of attacks around the country, centred on Xinjiang, the traditional home of Muslim Uighurs.China has blamed previous attacks on Islamist separatists in the region, who they say are looking to establish an independent state there called East Turkestan. It was not immediately clear who was responsible for Saturday's violence. "The gangsters drove a truck to ram the building of the public security bureau of Yecheng County in southern Xinjiang and set off explosives. Police shot and killed 13 attackers at the scene," Xinhua said, adding that three police were slightly wounded.In 2012, seven attackers were shot dead after killing 13 people in a knife attack in Yecheng, also known by its Uighur name of Kargilik, a remote town on the road leading to China's mountainous border with Pakistan. China has been on edge since a suicide bombing last month killed 39 people at a market in Xinjiang's capital, Urumqi. In March, 29 people were stabbed to death at a train station in the southwestern city of Kunming.The rise in violence has prompted a crackdown on violent crime. Authorities in Xinjiang have arrested dozens of suspects in recent weeks for spreading extremist propaganda, possessing banned weapons and other crimes. China also executed over a dozen people for terrorist attacks in the region earlier this month and three for an attack on Beijing's central Tiananmen Square. Resource-rich and strategically located on the borders of central Asia, Xinjiang has been plagued by violence for years, but exiled Uighur groups and human rights activists say the government's own repressive policies in Xinjiang have provoked unrest, something Beijing denies."The crackdown against the Uighur population is making it hard for people to bear," Dilxat Raxit, spokesman for the World Uyghur Congress, the largest group of exiled Uighurs, told Reuters by email. "Opening fire and killing those resisting, and accusing them of terrorism while skirting the root causes, this will only lead to the situation in the region becoming worse."President Xi Jinping said earlier this year that the Kashgar region, which sits in the far west of Xinjiang, was "the front line in anti-terrorism". The Silk Road city of Kashgar has been at the centre of much of the unrest. Yecheng is in the Kashgar prefecture, and is more than 1,500 km southwest of Urumqi.Chinese leaders have also been directing investment into Xinjiang. Xi pledged last month to alleviate poverty and improve ethnic unity in the region, the most direct indication yet that China's leaders want to address the causes of violence. (Reporting by Adam Jourdan; Additional reporting by Ben Blanchard in BEIJING; Editing by Simon Cameron-Moore and Nick Macfie)
Adam Jourdan
94
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/05/11/gds-trade-news-idUSnPn8QKVxv%2B9c%2BPRN20150511
GDS Forges Ahead in International Business
Mon May 11, 2015 9:00am EDT
    GDS Forges Ahead in International Business PR Newswire SHANGHAI, May 11, 2015   SHANGHAI, May 11, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- International Telecoms Week (ITW) was held from 10 to 13 May in the Hyatt Regency and the Swissotel, Chicago, USA. GDS Services was the only carrier-neutral DC service provider from China attending ITW.In addition to its existing range of products and services, GDS introduced a brand new concept - "CloudMix" - at the event. CloudMix is a hybrid infrastructure service concept combining legacy platform, cloud, and high-availability services. It optimizes the customer experience through a one-stop infrastructure service. Traditional data centers and cloud services struggle to meet the challenges posed by growing IT complexity -- legacy platforms are still widespread. But CloudMix - integrating data centers, laaS, private cloud and other related services - maximizes the use of infrastructure, provides customized IT services, and allows customers to move data and applications conveniently between legacy platform, private, and public cloud. Providing security, availability, agility and automation, CloudMix represents the future in data center development.GDS is already forging ahead in its existing core business. Its customized IT solutions include computing, storage, database and middleware, Internet, and other industrial networking connections. GDS can serve both Internet companies, and traditional businesses with higher security and availability requirements. In growing numbers, Chinese players on the international stage have made GDS their provider of choice. But the company is hungry for further expansion.    "One Belt and One Road" is a radical new strategy that has been devised and is being vigorously promoted by the Chinese government. Focused on the countries along the old Silk Road, all the way into Europe and around the globe, it seeks to encourage trade, commerce and a whole range of other forms of international exchange through both infrastructure and interconnectivity. This will inevitably draw many more Chinese enterprises into the international market, and GDS aims to help such companies to "go global." But they will be targeting foreign businesses looking to enter the Chinese market just as hard.   New international partnerships will be key to this strategy, allowing GDS to exchange markets, resources and strengths. ITW 2015 represents an ideal platform to build contacts and begin negotiations. The results are professional service platforms providing high-availability IT support for the international expansion strategies of both Chinese and foreign customers, and an enhanced presence as a leader in the international field for GDS.  About GDS Established in 2000, GDS is China's first financial disaster recovery service provider and now the largest third-party high-level data center service provider in China. With world-class new-generation data centers and 14 years of professional experience in providing high-availability IT service, as well as excellent capability in integrating industry chains, GDS is capable of providing customers with data center services and cloud computing services. GDS's data center services cover standard rack hosting, private cage hosting, customized module hosting and customized data center at different levels. The cloud computing services contain public cloud, private cloud, professional service and IT managed service. GDS provides end-to-end total solutions from consulting to data center planning, construction and operation, as well as extensive services for multiple industries such as banks, insurances, securities, energy, manufacturing, logistics, and internet and government agencies. Today, GDS operates 17 data centers in China, forming a data center cluster fully covering domestic key economic areas and extending to Asia-Pacific region.For more information, please visit: www.gds-services.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/gds-forges-ahead-in-international-business-300080233.htmlSOURCE  GDS 
None
95
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/04/21/pakistan-china-idUSL4N0XI2NE20150421
Xi hails Pakistan security help in west China; Pakistan vows more
Tue Apr 21, 2015 3:51am EDT
  ISLAMABAD, April 21 Chinese President Xi Jinping praised Pakistan on Tuesday for its contribution to security in China's restive far west where a Muslim minority chaffs against Beijing's rule, while Pakistan promised to step up cooperation in tackling terrorism.Xi, in an address to Pakistan's parliament, also called for closer economic cooperation between the traditional allies a day after they launched energy and infrastructure projects in Pakistan worth $46 billion.Xi has linked economic cooperation with security and said on Tuesday the two countries "share a common stake in security.""Over the years Pakistan has overcome all kinds of difficulties and contributed greatly to the security and stability of China's western border areas and this is something that we shall never forget," Xi told parliament.China is worried about Muslim separatists from Xinjiang, whom it blames for a string of deadly attacks across China over the past year or so, and believes that they have teamed up with Pakistan-based militants. Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif said Pakistan considered Chinese security as important as its own."We will fight together to eliminate the menace of terrorism. Our joint efforts against terrorism have succeeded so far, but we have to intensify the efforts to achieve our goals," Sharif told parliament.Ties between nuclear-armed Pakistan and China are underpinned by common wariness of India and a desire to hedge against U.S. influence in South Asia. They are finalising a long-discussed plan to sell Pakistan eight Chinese submarines.Although the deal, worth between $4 billion and $5 billion according to media reports, was not mentioned in public during Xi's two-day visit, Sharif said Pakistan was looking forward to more defence cooperation with China. "Our defence ties are strong and they are poised to become stronger in years to come," Sharif said.The economic projects launched on Monday are aimed at establishing a Pakistan-China Economic Corridor between Pakistan's southern Gwadar port on the Arabian Sea and China's western Xinjiang region.The plan, which would eclipse U.S. spending in Pakistan over the last decade or so, is part of China's aim to forge "Silk Road" land and sea ties to markets in the Middle East and Europe.The corridor, a network of roads, railways and pipelines, will pass through Pakistan's poor Baluchistan province where a long-running separatist insurgency will raise questions about the plan's feasibility.Highlighting those worries, suspected militants attacked a remote air-traffic control radar post in Gwadar district with rocket-propelled grenades and automatic weapons early on Tuesday, an aviation official said. There were no casualties.   (Additional reporting by Mehreen Zahra-Malik; Editing by Mike Collett-White)
None
96
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/05/11/us-australia-economy-idUSBREA4A01520140511
Australia to invest $77 billion in roads as part of 'contribute and build' budget
Sun May 11, 2014 12:59am EDT
  PERTH The Australian government will co-fund an A$82 billion ($77 billion) road infrastructure plan to help stimulate investment and create jobs as the impact of the country's mining boom fades, Treasurer Joe Hockey said on Sunday.In a television interview ahead of his government's first annual budget, to be delivered next week, Hockey announced the plan to spend more than A$40 billion on roads over the next six years, to be topped up by some A$42 billion from state governments and private investors."We are laying a plan for the biggest increase in road expenditure in Australian history," Hockey told the Channel Nine Network."That is tens of thousands of new jobs, but most importantly, it is going to address the significant drop-off in investment in construction in Australia associated with mining investment coming off."He dubbed the economic blueprint his government will deliver on May 13 a "contribute and build" budget. Australia's A$1.5 trillion economy sailed through the global financial crisis, but a slump in mining investment and a sluggish response to record low interest rates has hit government tax income as expenditure continues to grow.Prime Minister Tony Abbott and his government have been preparing voters for big spending cuts ahead of the May 13 budget to deal with deficits forecast at A$47 billion this year and totaling A$123 billion over the next four years. Abbott swept to power last September promising to bring the budget back under control and aiming to become known as "the infrastructure prime minister."Hockey refused to comment on a widely speculated increase in petrol tax, but said revenue from any such hike would be invested in road projects."If we are going to make any changes to fuel excise it will go into roads," he said. In the lead-up to the budget the government has flagged a temporary income tax levy on higher income earners, a compulsory new fee for visiting a doctor and an increase in the retirement age to 70.The government has argued that all sections of society must contribute to lowering costs and reducing the deficit. It has proposed that the salaries of politicians and senior public servants be frozen, Hockey said."I think we have got to send a clear message to the electorate that whatever we are asking the electorate to contribute to the budget repair task, we are going to contribute ourselves as well."(Editing by Clarence Fernandez) nL3N0NX03V
Clarence Fernandez
97
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/11/16/us-china-xinjiang-railway-idUSKCN0J005820141116
China opens first leg of high-speed railway in Xinjiang
Sun Nov 16, 2014 2:14am EST
  BEIJING China opened the first stretch of a new high-speed railway in the western region of Xinjiang on Sunday, a milestone in the central government's efforts to promote economic development in restive hinterlands and bind them closer to the rest of China.The 530 km (330 miles) stretch between Xinjiang's capital, Urumqi, and Hami is the first stage of the 1,775 km (1,100 miles) Lanxin railway connecting Urumqi to Lanzhou, the capital of central western Gansu Province.The official Xinhua news agency reported on Sunday that the full length of the passenger railway is on schedule to open by the end of the year. Trains on the Urumqi-Hami leg could reach more than 200 kph (120 mph), halving the travel time between the two cities to three hours.Xinjiang, a sprawling, resource-rich region that is home to China's Muslim Uighur minority, has been beset by worsening ethnic violence in recent years but remains a critical part of China's economic strategy. Over the past year President Xi Jinping has spelled out ambitious plans to open China's west and build a "New Silk Road" network of intercontinental land routes and maritime lines that would connect China to its Central and Southeast Asian neighbors. He announced a $40 billion fund to invest in infrastructure projects earlier this month.  China has also been pouring money into Xinjiang's development in an effort to quell growing discontent among Uighurs, many of whom chafe at government restrictions on their cultural and religious practices as well as their lack of economic opportunity.The government, which has warned of a growing threat of Islamist militants in the region, said in June it was confident of guaranteeing the railway's security despite a bomb attack at an Urumqi railway station in April that killed three people and wounded 79.   (Reporting by Gerry Shih; Editing by Paul Tait)
Gerry Shih
98
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/03/06/press-digest-nyt-idUSL4N0W820N20150306
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - March 6
Fri Mar 6, 2015 1:17am EST
  March 6 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.* Multinational companies accused of human rights abuses abroad are on the counterattack, seeking to bring down the lawyers who target them. Drummond Co Inc, a coal producer based in Birmingham, Alabama, recently asked a federal judge to hold in contempt Terrence Collingsworth, a lawyer who has accused companies of mistreating workers, as part of a libel suit it is pressing against him.(nyti.ms/1aPfUXS)* What is really under examination in Ellen Pao's lawsuit against Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers, the firm in which she was junior partner, is the question of why there are so few women in leadership positions in Silicon Valley. At stake is any hope that the tech world can claim to be a progressive place, or even a fair one.(nyti.ms/1aPgchp) * The United States Postal Service has announced it will replace its fleet of Grumman mail trucks with what it calls its next-generation delivery vehicle. The goal is to harness new technologies, increase fuel efficiency and help the Postal Service better compete on package deliveries with the likes of FedEx and United Parcel Service.(nyti.ms/1aPjgtI) * The nation's largest banks appear to have the financial strength to survive a nightmarish world where unemployment soars, house prices plummet and Wall Street crashes, the Federal Reserve said on Thursday.(nyti.ms/1aPh6u6)* The Islamic State, the violent millitant group that espouses a return to a seventh-century caliphate, has been astonishingly successful at spreading its message using 21st-century social media, according to a study released Thursday.(nyti.ms/1aPhGZ3) * The United States Marshals Service said on Thursday that 14 registered bidders took part in an auction for 50,000 Bitcoins, worth about $14 million, that were seized in connection with the online bazaar Silk Road.(nyti.ms/1aPhN6N)(Compiled by Ismail Shakil in Bengaluru)
None
99
http://www.reuters.com/article/slideshow/idUSBRE9AN08N20131124
100
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/07/30/us-china-xinjiang-idUSKBN0FZ0RA20140730
More violence in China's Xinjiang, prominent academic indicted
Wed Jul 30, 2014 10:43am EDT
  BEIJING China formally indicted a prominent ethnic Uighur professor for separatism on Wednesday, as security forces flooded into the far western region of Xinjiang amid more reports of violence following what the government called a terrorist attack.Police in Beijing in January detained Ilham Tohti, a well-known economist who has championed the rights of the Muslim Uighur community, who come from Xinjiang. He was subsequently taken to the regional capital Urumqi and accused of promoting and supporting Xinjiang's independence from China, a red line for Beijing which views the region as an inseparable part of the country.A brief statement on the official microblog of the Urumqi prosecutor said that Tohti's case had been turned over to a city court, the next legal step needed before he can be put on trial.It gave no details.His wife has denied the allegations, and the case has attracted high-level concern in the United States and Europe.The case against Tohti is the latest sign of the government's hardening stance on dissent in Xinjiang, where unrest in the past year or so has killed more than 200, including several police, according to state media.Western tourists saw a body lying in a pool of blood in a major Xinjiang city on Wednesday, as well as a heavy security presence after the government said dozens of knife-wielding attackers were shot dead elsewhere in the region earlier in the week.State media said a gang armed with knives first attacked a police station and government offices on Monday in the town of Elixku, in Shache county, about 200 km (125 miles) from the old Silk Road city of Kashgar in China's far west. Some moved on to the nearby town of Huangdi, attacking civilians and smashing and setting fire to six vehicles, in what the official Xinhua news agency called an "organised and premeditated terrorist attack"."Police officers at the scene shot dead dozens of members of the mob," the brief report said.Xinjiang, home to many Turkic-language speaking Uighurs, has been beset by violence for years, which the government blames on Islamist militants or separatists who it says are bent on establishing an independent state called East Turkestan.There were indications that unrest had spread by Wednesday to Kashgar, a popular tourist site especially during the summer.A French traveller said he saw a body lying outside the Id Kah Mosque in Kashgar's old town on Wednesday morning, and armed police pouring into the city by afternoon. "We heard shouting and my friend saw two people running away with knives. Police came quickly and told people not to take pictures. They checked mobile phones," he told Reuters by telephone.He added that the reasons for the violence were unclear and he could not tell if those involved were Uighur or members of China's majority Han ethnicity.When leaving Kashgar on Wednesday, the traveller said a long convoy of armed police vehicles, including at least five armoured personnel carriers, drove into the city."All cars coming into Kashgar were being turned around," he said. "These were urban tanks with machine guns, not water cannon," another European citizen accompanying him said.State media only reported the attacks in Shache, also known by its Uighur name of Yarkant, late on Tuesday.It is not clear why there was a delay, though China's ruling Communist Party, which values stability above all else, has a habit of suppressing or delaying bad news.Reuters could not reach the Xinjiang government for comment despite repeated attempts.The government has yet to give a full account of what happened, or a death toll.Exiled Uighur groups and human rights activists say the government's repressive policies in Xinjiang, including controls on Islam, have provoked unrest, a claim Beijing denies.China exercises tight control over Xinjiang, making visits by foreign reporters there to independently assess the situation extremely difficult. (Additional reporting by Megha Rajagopalan and Chen Aizhu; Editing by Ben Blanchard and Raju Gopalakrishnan)
None
101
http://www.reuters.com/article/2010/08/04/us-russia-heat-smoke-idUSTRE6730M820100804
Moscow smoke pollution worst in eight years
Wed Aug 4, 2010 5:14am EDT
  MOSCOW Air quality levels in Moscow tumbled to an eight-year low on Wednesday as the Russian capital was blanketed in thick smoke from forest and peat fires, said Moscow's state agency for monitoring air pollution.A heatwave has engulfed central parts of European Russia since mid June, pushing temperatures to the highest levels since records began and sparking forest fires that have killed at least 48 people."Air pollution surged four to ten times (above the maximum safe levels) in the early morning hours, which is an new high," Elena Lezina, an expert at the Moscow state agency that monitors air pollution, told Reuters. The concentration of carbon monoxide in Moscow soared to about 5.7 times safe levels at night and the concentration of suspended particles tripled, she said. Moscow has been shrouded in the worst smoke since 2002 when peat fires around the capital sent pollution levels soaring. (Reporting by Alexei Anishchuk, Editing by Guy Faulconbridge)
Alexei Anishchuk, Editing by Guy Faulconbridge
102
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/07/01/us-usa-bitcoin-winner-idUSKBN0F65FN20140701
Bitcoin auction had one winner: U.S. Marshals Service
Tue Jul 1, 2014 4:49pm EDT
  There was one winner in the U.S. Marshals Service auction of nearly 30,000 bitcoin, a spokeswoman said on Tuesday, without naming the successful bidder. The U.S. Marshals Service auctioned off bitcoin seized from the Silk Road drug ring. There were more than 40 bidders in the auction, with a number of well-known players in bitcoin saying they were unsuccessful.    (Reporting by Nate Raymond; Editing by James Dalgleish)
Nate Raymond
103
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/03/05/us-bitcoin-mtgox-cybersleuths-idUSBREA2429L20140305
Online sleuthing by Mt. Gox dispossessed throws up few clues
Wed Mar 5, 2014 4:02pm EST
  SINGAPORE Some of those who have lost bitcoins in the collapse of Mt. Gox have turned to internet sleuthing to find out where their money has gone - but they're unlikely to have much luck.That's because the crypto-currency is a lot more complex than it looks, even to those who believed in it enough to invest their savings, bitcoin experts say, illustrating the scale of the challenge facing investigators trying to unravel the multi-million dollar mess at what was once the world's dominant bitcoin exchange.Forum websites like Reddit and internet relay chatrooms have attracted hordes of users as the Mt. Gox debacle unfolded in recent weeks. But their crowdsourcing investigations have uncovered little in the way of real evidence about what happened."The crowdsourcing so far has been a miserable failure," said Emin Gun Sirer of Cornell University, who posted his own analysis challenging several theories about what may have happened at Mt. Gox.The problem, Gun Sirer and others say, is two-fold: users of such forums are not always methodical or disciplined in their research on one hand, and on the other, bitcoin's combination of transparency and complexity invites the unwary to draw false conclusions.Mark Karpeles, the 28-year-old French CEO of Tokyo-based bitcoin exchange Mt. Gox, filed for bankruptcy on Friday admitting that some 850,000 bitcoins - worth more than $560 million at today's prices, and about 7 percent of all bitcoins minted - were missing. Karpeles blamed hackers for the theft, based on a so-called "malleability" bug in bitcoin software.BLINKINGThe collapse of Mt. Gox has left thousands of bitcoin users bereft. Driven in part by a desire to find the missing bitcoins, and in the absence of any solid explanation by Mt. Gox or Karpeles, Reddit users and others have shared links, studied bitcoin transactions and traded rumors online.One forum, mtgox-chat, has become the starting point of much of the digging, so much so that a user claiming to be Serbian chose it to first share links to files apparently stolen from Mt. Gox's own servers, including computer code and what appeared to be a tape recording of a conversation between Karpeles and Japanese bankers in late January.Some of the research, however, has been less useful.One user on Reddit, for example, suggested that Karpeles had been blinking a hidden message in morse code during a press conference in Tokyo last Friday, prompting some to replay the video frame by frame to try to divine the message.Other efforts have been more serious, and borne fruit.A European in his late 20s who works in the legal profession and goes by the name of Aquentin ONLINE traced the movement of some of the bitcoin Karpeles had moved from one wallet to another back in 2011 as proof that Mt. Gox was insolvent.His research, he said in an email interview, showed that these coins were among up to 200,000 moved again recently, in late December and in early February - indicating that not only were there bitcoins still somewhere in the system, but that they seemed to belong to Mt. Gox. Aquentin's research was followed up by others, among them a PhD student in the UK who calls himself Oakpacific. Both declined to give their names or other identifying information.Their conclusion: the movement of coins they investigated did not square with the explanation given by Mt. Gox that the exchange lost its coins to a malleability attack. Says Aquentin of their findings: "They show that at the very least we have not been told the whole truth."Their conclusions have been, at least in part, backed up by more established figures. Ken Shirriff, a software engineer at Google who runs a blog at righto.com, analyzed transactions in early February on Mt. Gox and raised questions about the company's claims that it had come under attack prior to February 7.Shirriff was cautious in his conclusions, but he said in a blog post that the malleability attack he looked into could not have been responsible for Mt. Gox's problems at that time. Shirriff declined to be interviewed for this article.IODINEIndeed there are, potentially, rich pickings to be had from such research.Because the transaction history of bitcoins is public, says Italian computer security researcher Stefano Zanero, it's possible for anyone to investigate. Moreover, if a bitcoin owner is not careful in detaching the keys - his PIN number - from anything that may identify him, he would effectively remove anonymity from a transaction. But researching this is not easy, he warns. Zanero has with colleagues from Italy's Politecnico di Milano developed software called BitIodine which studies bitcoin transactions to cluster addresses likely to belong to the same user, or group of users.BitIodine will be demonstrated at a financial cryptography conference in Barbados this week.But he warns that even BitIodine only supports, but doesn't replace, any traditional investigative techniques - as well as requiring a lot of computing power and memory, not to mention analysts skilled enough to make sense of it."It's no silver bullet," he said in an email interview.TOO MUCH INFORMATIONIndeed the problem with tracing bitcoins is almost too much information.Bitcoin's ledger, called the blockchain, that records all transactions, makes public a chunk of information that would normally require many subpoenas to extract, Gun Sirer says. "So that's fantastic, but it's the perfect set-up for armchair experts to end up getting in over their heads," he said. The danger arises when drawing links and patterns between wallets and transactions that are spurious, he says. From there to implicating unrelated people is a short and dangerous step.Gun Sirer points to a paper by Israeli academics Dorit Ron and Adi Shamir published in November which inferred a relationship between Satoshi Nakamoto, the pseudonymous 'founder' of bitcoin, and the creator of Silk Road, a website for trading drugs. Silk Road was shut down by the FBI last October. Its alleged founder, Ross Ulbricht, has pleaded not guilty to charges including money laundering.The paper was withdrawn after a cryptographer called Dustin Trammell said he owned the bitcoin address the researchers had uncovered."The crowds are capable of making far worse mistakes with bigger consequences," said Gun Sirer.Indeed, Reddit is still smarting from last year, when its users misidentified two young men as suspects in the Boston Marathon bombings. Reddit later apologized for fuelling "online witchhunts and dangerous speculation."LESSONSSome users say the lessons from that episode have only been partly learned.An Oklahoma-based soft drinks distributor called Michael Bennett dug up what he said were 29 wallets containing about 690,000 bitcoins traded heavily in the weeks leading up to February 24. But when he posted his findings on Reddit he found little interest in following up or joining him in doing more research."It's really showed just how poor the community is," he said in an online interview. "People just look for the juiciest leads, they want drama, they want excitement."Emma, a 20-something female based in the United States, who frequents the mtgox-chat channel, says that in some ways it's understandable. She has 120 bitcoins stuck in Mt. Gox, which she had been buying since 2011. At current prices, that sum would pay off all her debts and allow her to go to college, she said.Many of those in the chatroom, she said in an online interview, are simply struggling to find even the basic pieces of the puzzle, while at the same time smarting from having lost their savings."People are feeling helpless and desperate. I know I am."(Editing by Ian Geoghegan)
Ian Geoghegan
104
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/04/17/china-silkroad-idUSL4N0XE3G220150417
China sets up coordinating group for modern Silk Road
Fri Apr 17, 2015 6:09am EDT
  BEIJING, April 17 China has set up a senior-level coordination group to oversee Beijing's plan to create a modern Silk Road, a Communist Party news website said on Friday, as efforts gather pace on a scheme China hopes will generate $2.5 trillion in trade in a decade.Vice Premier Zhang Gaoli will head the group, with deputies including China's top diplomat State Councillor Yang Jiechi, Vice Premier Wang Yang, and Wang Huning, head of the party's Policy Research Office and a key aide of President Xi Jinping, the CPC News website said.It provided no other details. Such groups are typically set up to run important policy initiatives, and the one for the new Silk Road project, termed formally by China as the "One Belt, One Road" initiative, underscores the government's commitment to the scheme. Projects under the plan include a network of railways, highways, oil and gas pipelines, power grids, Internet networks, maritime and other infrastructure links across Central, West and South Asia to as far as Greece, Russia and Oman, increasing China's connections to Europe and Africa. Xi said last month that he hoped its annual trade with the countries involved in Beijing's plan to create a modern Silk Road would surpass $2.5 trillion in a decade.    (Reporting by Ben Blanchard; Editing by Nick Macfie)
Ben Blanchard
105
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/06/10/fitch-downgrades-solocal-to-rd-re-assign-idUSFit70425220140610
RPT-Fitch Downgrades Solocal to 'RD'; Re-Assigns IDR 'B-' ; Outlook Stable
Tue Jun 10, 2014 8:09am EDT
  (Repeat for additional subscribers)June 10 (Reuters) - (The following statement was released by the rating agency)Fitch Ratings has downgraded France-based media group  Solocal Groupe S.A.'s (Solocal) Long-term Issuer Default Rating (IDR) to 'RD'  (Restricted Default) from 'C' and subsequently assigned the company a new IDR of  'B-'. The Outlook is Stable.The downgrade to 'RD' follows Solocal's successful conclusion of the safeguard  process that enabled Solocal to amend the terms and extend the maturity of its  term loan debt by two years as well to close a rights issue whose proceeds were  mostly used to prepay debt on 6 June 2014. As a consequence Fitch also affirmed  financing vehicle PagesJaunes Finance & Co S.C.A's senior secured notes rating  at 'CCC-'.Following the downgrade the new IDR of 'B-' reflects Solocal's reduced leverage,  ability to generate cash as well as its transition towards digital. Fitch has  also assigned PagesJaunes Finance & Co S.C.A senior secured notes a new rating  of 'B+'.The company can now focus on strengthening its conversion from a print to a  digital business model. Over the medium term, questions remain over Solocal's  ability to refinance EUR1.2bn of debt given the company's numerous operating  challenges, notably whether the expansion in revenue within the digital segment  will be strong enough to stabilise revenues and profits. However, the company is  also set to generate material free cash flow and is unlikely to come under  liquidity pressures until the maturity of the term facilities. Solocal also has  a track record in repaying debt at par, with EUR1.2bn repaid since 2011.  Ability to deleverage through cash generation will be key to maintaining the  'B-' rating as well as for any positive rating action. Failure to stabilise the  business model and cash erosion would conversely lead to a downgrade.KEY RATING DRIVERSSuccessful RefinancingThe extension of the term facilities A3 and A5 rolled over into a new A7  facility tranche maturing in March 2018 provides Solocal with time to execute an  operational turnaround. The company has the unilateral option to further push  maturities to March 2020 provided that no more than EUR35m of 2018 senior  secured notes are outstanding on 15 March 2018. The prepayment of EUR400m of  term facilities with the majority of the EUR440m rights issue proceeds also  reduces interest payments and increases the financial flexibility of the  company. Pressure on Operating ProfileSolocal is implementing its "Digital 2015" strategy to restore revenue growth by  generating about 75% of sales from internet sources by 2015. Since 2011, revenue  growth in internet has been strong, especially in Search; however, a more  competitive environment may be emerging, leading to internet revenue in Q114  falling 0.9%. Although it was impacted by the restructuring of the sales force  and order intakes have shown some positive signs during the following two  months, this raises questions over whether the long-term growth potential of  internet revenues will be enough to offset a reduction in print revenues.Increased Competition OnlineSolocal has been ahead of competitors in its transition to online. By  end-December 2013, the company generated EUR633m from internet-based revenues  relative to EUR345m in print. This transition was possible due to strong growth  in search-based revenues. Intense competition in internet through providers of  ecommerce solutions and multiple specialised search websites constitutes a major  threat to the long-term prospects of Solocal's search business.However, Solocal has a solid brand name through PagesJaunes.fr and Mappy.fr and  a major sales force network to aggressively market to local SMEs. Whether this  will be enough to prevent market share erosion in local services search remains  to be seen. Print DeclinesPrint revenues continued their sharp decline, falling 15% in 1Q14 after a 13%  drop in 1Q13. Such steep declines feed into lower absolute EBITDA and margins  (43% in 1Q14 vs. 45% 1Q13). With continued large declines across the directories  business, Solocal's margin is likely to remain under pressure. Management's  challenge will be to continue to effectively manage any contingent liabilities  arising from operating in a declining industry.Medium-term Refinancing Risk While short-term refinancing risk has been averted, questions remain over the  long-term ability of Solocal to refinance the EUR1.2bn debt that remains on its  balance sheet after the capital increase and the subsequent debt prepayment.  Fitch forecasts that declining revenues and continued margin pressure are likely  to increase gross funds from operations (FFO)-adjusted leverage. The agency  estimates that current liquidity and cash generation should enable the company  to meet interest payments until refinancing is due. Solocal shows strong FFO  interest cover of 3.3x for 2014. However, its ability to generate free cash flow  to gradually reduce the still substantial FFO adjusted net leverage of 5.4x at  closing of the amend and extend process will be key to maintaining the 'B-'  rating in the medium term.RATING SENSITIVITYPositive: Future developments that could, individually or collectively, lead to  positive rating actions include:-Sustained stabilisation in PagesJaunes' gross operating margin and cash flow  generation-Sustained internet revenue growth and no significant erosion in EBITDA margin Negative: Future developments that could, individually or collectively, lead to  negative rating action include:-Dramatic reduction in online revenues as well as erosion in online  profitability-FFO net leverage more than 6x-Negative net free cash flow generation
None
106
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/04/22/idUSnMKWTnRYZa%2B1ee%2BMKW20150422
SilkRoad Named a Leader in IDC Marketscape: Worldwide Social Technologies in Integrated Talent Management 2015 Vendor Analysis
Wed Apr 22, 2015 9:58am EDT
    SilkRoad Named a Leader in IDC Marketscape: Worldwide Social Technologies in Integrated Talent Management 2015 Vendor Analysis    Earns High Marks for Social in Recruiting, Learning, and Performance CHICAGO, IL--(Marketwired - April 22, 2015) - SilkRoad, a leading global provider of cloud-based talent management solutions, has been named a MarketScape leader in the recently released IDC MarketScape: Worldwide Social Technologies in Integrated Talent Management 2015 Vendor Analysis. SilkRoad was highly rated by customers for social delivery in recruiting, learning, and performance. Click here to tweet this release. Using detailed criteria and based on information gathered from IDC's annual HR Survey, this report measures vendors on key factors contributing to vendor success in the social technology for worldwide integrated talent management market; a market whose importance has been on the rise in recent years."SilkRoad was early to social integration with talent and has perfected its deliverables," writes Lisa Rowan, IDC MarketScape: Worldwide Social Technology for Integrated Talent Management 2015 Vendor Analysis (IDC #255616). SilkRoad offers an integrated set of employee-centered core HR, talent acquisition, and talent development software solutions that are delivered through a friendly talent portal to drive greater engagement, collaboration, and user adoption. The company has pioneered the use of social technology, which has been integrated through the new Talent Portal social platform, serving as a hub for all talent management functions. "It is an honor to be recognized by IDC as a MarketScape Leader," said John Shackleton, President and CEO of SilkRoad. "In order to gain a competitive edge, businesses must have the ability to share information and interact through technology in meaningful ways. We are pleased that SilkRoad customers have given us high marks for their social interaction with The Life Suite." To learn more about the SilkRoad Life Suite of talent management solutions, visit www.silkroad.com. About SilkRoad SilkRoad is a leading global provider of cloud-based, end-to-end talent management solutions that enable customers to find, attract, develop, and retain the best talent. The award-winning SilkRoad Life Suite includes Talent Acquisition, Talent Development, and HRMS solutions that are delivered through a tablet-friendly Talent Portal. The suite is easy to deploy and use -- a single platform to rapidly boost employee engagement and business performance. Visit www.silkroad.com, follow on Twitter @SilkRoadTweets or call 866-329-3363 (U.S. toll free) or +1-312-574-3700. Contact:  Ryan Rivera Ryan.Rivera@silkroad.com 312.300.4420    
None
107
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/01/16/usa-bitcoin-trial-silkroad-idUSL1N0UT1PJ20150116
U.S. sharply reduces Silk Road's estimated sales volume
Fri Jan 16, 2015 12:28pm EST
  NEW YORK Jan 16 When U.S. authorities announced the arrest of Silk Road creator Ross Ulbricht in October 2013, they made a startling claim: the online black market had seen an estimated $1.2 billion in illicit sales since its inception.This week, however, as Ulbricht's criminal trial began, prosecutors significantly scaled back that figure, saying Silk Road had actually seen an estimated $200 million in drug sales, which comprised 95 percent of all sales on the website.The revision could be good news for Ulbricht, who has admitted creating the site, where users could buy drugs and other illegal goods using the digital currency Bitcoin, according to former federal prosecutor Jeffrey Alberts.Since advisory federal sentencing guidelines for drug trafficking take into account the size of the scheme, the reduced sales figure would put Ulbricht's offenses into a different category under the guidelines, said Alberts, who is now a partner at law firm Pryor Cashman and is not involved in the case. Ulbricht, 30, is facing a seven-count indictment for offenses including money laundering, computer hacking and conspiracy to commit drug trafficking. He could face life in prison if convicted on all counts.But taken on its own, a conviction on the drug trafficking conspiracy count would elicit a recommendation of 30 years in prison for an operation larger than $400 million, as prosecutors originally estimated. That would fall to 28 years for a scheme netting between $400 million and $200 million, and 26 years for one just under $200 million.Ulbricht's lawyer declined to comment. The change in Silk Road's estimated sales volume is not, however, entirely due to fluctuations in the value of bitcoins, which have actually increased in price since prosecutors filed the criminal complaint against Ulbricht on Oct. 2, 2013. Back then, one bitcoin was worth $125 but they are trading at around $205 today.While formulating the complaint against Ulbricht, prosecutors arrived at the $1.2 billion figure by looking at the total value of bitcoins obtained through sales on the site, according to the complaint. But after combing through Silk Road's files, they recalculated the total by adding up the value of individual drug sales according to the price of bitcoins at the time of each transaction, arriving at $200 million, according to the U.S. Attorney's Office.Adjustments like this one are common, Alberts said. The more precisely prosecutors can calculate the size of an illegal operation, the less likely defense lawyers are to contest the estimate during a sentencing hearing.Another advantage to the revision: it is a number that will not change even if bitcoin prices do.The case is U.S. v. Ulbricht, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 13-06919.   (Reporting by Emily Flitter; editing by Noeleen Walder and G Crosse)
Emily Flitter
108
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/01/16/usa-bitcoin-trial-idUSL1N0UU35F20150116
U.S. probed Mt. Gox CEO as possible Silk Road mastermind -agent
Thu Jan 15, 2015 7:24pm EST
     
None
109
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/12/05/us-bitcoin-auction-winner-idUSKCN0JJ28T20141205
Tim Draper wins part of U.S. 2nd bitcoin auction: Bloomberg
Fri Dec 5, 2014 5:06pm EST
  NEW YORK Venture capitalist Tim Draper won part of the U.S. Marshals Service' auction of 50,000 bitcoins, Bloomberg reported on Friday.The news wire agency said the Draper, who bid on behalf of Draper Associates, successfully bid for 2,000 bitcoins at Thursday's auction. He did not disclose the price.On Thursday, the U.S. government auctioned the 50,000 bitcoins confiscated during the prosecution of the alleged owner of Silk Road, an Internet black-market bazaar where authorities say illegal drugs and other goods could be bought. It was the U.S. Marshals Service's second such auction following one in June for almost 30,000 bitcoins seized during a raid on Silk Road in 2013.Lynzey Donahue, a Marshals Service spokeswoman, said in a emailed statement that she cannot "confirm, deny or make any further announcements until the entire award process has concluded, including the completion of required financial transactions." Bitcoin prices were up 2.3 percent late Friday at $377.76.  (Reporting by Gertrude Chavez-Dreyfuss and Nate Raymond; Editing by David Gregorio)
Gertrude Chavez-Dreyfuss and Nate Raymond
110
http://www.reuters.com/article/2011/10/20/us-afghanistan-investment-idUSTRE79J12P20111020
Small investors struggle while Afghanistan hopes for big deals
Thu Oct 20, 2011 3:00pm EDT
  KABUL Afghanistan is in desperate need of investment to invigorate its tiny, fragile economy, but on top of the grave physical dangers of the decade-old war, businesses are put off by corruption, pitiful infrastructure, and a slothful bureaucracy.Even after the billions of dollars of Western aid that have been pumped in, Afghan gross domestic product was only $15 billion last year, a tenth of the size of Cameroon, El Salvador and Uganda, and its jobless rate is around 30 percent.As it looks beyond the 2014 deadline for foreign combat troops to leave, the government is banking on potentially huge mining projects to bring in cash, not least to pay for the disciplined security forces it needs to prevent the country being sucked into a full-blown civil war.But without a layer of small enterprises with the capacity to provide jobs, goods, services and taxes, the hoped-for enriching effect of big business will be severely limited.Yu Minghui, a Chinese merchant who has been trying to build a small steel plant on the outskirts of Kabul since 2003, should be welcomed with open arms.His factory will employ around 80 Afghans, and in a bright "swords into ploughshares" idea, recycle the military wreckage that decades of conflict has scattered across the country into steel wire for buildings.Progress has been painfully slow, he says, and the Afghan authorities obstructive and money-grabbing."To secure stable power supply alone, I had to wait two years," Yu said. "Even small matters like visa for technicians can be time-consuming, and additional money is sometimes demanded to make the whole process quicker."Lack of local manufacturing has led to a reliance on imports, which in turn discourages investment in domestic production. "Low quality products from other countries have a very bad impact on our products," said Ahmad Khalid Yarmand, manager at the Afghanistan Chamber of Commerce and Industries in the western city of Herat. "They are cheap so everyone prefers to use those products more than ours."VIOLENCE SPREADINGForeign investment into Afghanistan has always been tiny, according to the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development (UNCTAD). Billions in aid cash is still pouring in, but foreign direct investment in 2010 was about 4 percent of that into neighboring Pakistan, and less than a tenth of Uzbekistan.In the World Bank's 2011 'Doing Business' report, which measures how regulations affect the ease with which entrepreneurs can start and run companies, Afghanistan ranked 167 out of 183 countries, a survey which does not even include security risks.Many businessmen were unwilling to talk about the perils of working in a country where fighting kills on average more than 200 civilians every month, violence is spreading into once-peaceful areas, and traveling around swathes of the land is dangerous even for Afghans. Only last month, insurgents mounted a 20-hour siege in Kabul's diplomatic quarter, showering rockets on the U.S. embassy and the NATO headquarters in what was the longest attack in the capital since U.S.-backed Afghan forces cast the Taliban from power in 2001.NATURAL DISADVANTAGESome elements of Afghanistan's hostile business climate cannot be blamed purely on the war or officialdom.Landlocked and with few direct international flights, Afghanistan brings in almost all of its goods by truck from Pakistan, with tolls, bad roads and long journeys making prices expensive. Most Afghanistan-bound containers from China sail to Pakistani port Karachi, then are driven across the border. Ye Shangqiang, a 60-year-old Chinese businessman who has sold construction and decoration products in Kabul since 2003, cited astronomical transport costs as one of the biggest obstacles to commerce."These days, the total cost of shipping a 40-feet container from China to Kabul is as high as $20,000 due to delays and corruption," he said.Ye said the business environment has worsened since his arrival, and he was not optimistic about it improving. "If you have $100,000 investment plans here, I will say go ahead, but if you want to put down $1 million ... think twice."It will take a long time for Afghanistan to build the structures and culture that promote business, said Nicklas Norling, a fellow with the Central Asia-Caucasus Institute and Silk Road Studies Program, a think-tank in Washington.For the moment, getting money into the treasury is a higher priority."Afghanistan is in urgent need of a steady income stream to pay its expenses. Only mining and natural resources exploration can accomplish this in the short term," he said.Meanwhile, aspiring steelmaker Yu struggles on with indifferent bureaucrats."Sometimes I try to explain that my plant can provide at least 80 jobs when it starts full operation. But one Afghanistan official once replied, 'What's that got to do with me?'"(Additional reporting by Mirwais Harooni; Editing by Daniel Magnowski and Sanjeev Miglami)
None
111
http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/06/17/poland-roads-idUSL5N0ET1V820130617
EU governments tackle Poland over unpaid road-builders
Mon Jun 17, 2013 10:51am EDT
  * Six states send letter to Polish deputy prime minister* EU contractors owed billions of euros on road contracts* Poland says the construction firms are at faultBy Christian LoweWARSAW, June 17 (Reuters) - Six European Union states have asked Poland to explain why it is not paying billions of euros that foreign construction firms say they are owed for work carried out under an EU-backed road-building programme.Poland's state roads agency says it is the contractors that are at fault, but the dispute risks harming Warsaw's reputation in Brussels, which is pumping huge sums of development cash into Polish roads and railways.Reuters has obtained a copy of a letter about the row signed by the ambassadors of Austria, France, Germany, Ireland, the Netherlands and Portugal. It was addressed to Polish Deputy Prime Minister and Economy Minister Janusz Piechocinski. It was the first time the EU governments had formally joined forces in the dispute, so the joint letter will raise the diplomatic pressure on Warsaw.The letter said the unpaid money pointed to fundamental and systemic problems in the way Poland manages big civil engineering projects."This phenomenon seems to have reached a level which indicates that support from the Polish government might be helpful in order to avoid negative implications to the image of Poland's business environment," it said. The value of claims against the roads agency lodged with Polish courts stands at about 10 billion zlotys ($3.15 billion), according to the letter, which called the sum "unusual and unprecedented". It asked Piechocinski to look into the matter.The Economy Ministry declined to comment.Firms that have been in dispute with the Polish road agency over payments include Austria's Strabag and Alpine Bau, a unit of Germany's Bilfinger, Ireland's SIAC, SISK and Roadbridge, and a unit of Spain's Ferrovial. Poland is undertaking a massive programme, part-funded by the EU, to build a modern motorway network to replace the narrow and dangerous roads left after decades of Communist rule.Contractors allege that the state roads agency, GDDKiA, has not paid them for stretches of motorway, even though the work has been completed.They say the agency cashed in bonds without any justification that had been lodged by contractors as a guarantee they would complete their work.GDDKiA managers dispute that account. They say the most common reason for payment delays is that contractors' work has fallen below agreed standards. GDDKiA said it had been forced to terminate some contracts because of failures by contractors.Late last year, the EU executive, the European Commission, asked the Polish government to explain what had happened with the disputed contracts. The Commission has not yet revealed the outcome of that request.  ($1 = 3.1707 Polish zlotys)   (Additional reporting by Pawel Sobczak and Chris Borowski; Editing by Kevin Liffey)
None
112
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/11/10/china-apec-silkroad-idUSL6N0T03CY20141110
COLUMN-China's Silk Road challenges U.S. dominance in Asia: Kemp
Mon Nov 10, 2014 8:22am EST
  (John Kemp is a Reuters market analyst. The views expressed are his own.)By John KempLONDON Nov 10 (Reuters) - "The Silk Road, no longer just a concept in history books, has evolved into a story of modern logistics and Sino-European cooperation," Yang Jiechi, China's top diplomat, told a conference this month.The New Silk Road Economic Belt - from China across Central Asia and Russia to Europe - and the 21st Century Maritime Silk Road - through the Malacca Strait to India, the Middle East and East Africa - have become the centrepiece of China's economic diplomacy.The belt and the road, as China's diplomats refer to them, are the focus of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) summit in Beijing this week. They aim to cement China's emerging role at the heart of the 21st century economy.China's President Xi Jinping has pledged $40 billion to a new Silk Road fund for investing in infrastructure, resources and industrial and financial cooperation across Asia.Chinese diplomats have also been busy promoting a new Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank, promising to provide half of its $50 billion start-up capital, to help build ports, roads, power projects and other desperately needed infrastructure across the region.The Silk Road fund and Asia Infrastructure Investment Bank pose a direct challenge to the traditional primacy of U.S.-dominated financial and trade institutions in the region, including the International Monetary Fund, World Bank and Asian Development Bank, all of which were set up following the U.S. victory in World War Two.U.S. diplomats have been manoeuvring furiously to limit the impact of China's economic diplomacy. In the past month, Australia and South Korea both declined to join the new Infrastructure Investment Bank following intense lobbying from officials in Washington, which went all the way up to Secretary of State John Kerry and President Barack Obama himself.U.S. LEADERSHIP CHALLENGEDOfficially, U.S. diplomats are concerned about governance standards at the new institutions. There are fears about the large share of the voting rights that will go to China and the willingness of the new institutions to lend for projects that do not meet the social and environmental criteria currently employed by multilateral development banks.Under intense pressure from the United States, the World Bank and Asian Development Bank will no longer finance coal-fired power stations due to concerns about climate change. But many countries, including India, have indicated they intend to continue building coal-fired plants to bring electricity to millions of homes that are currently without secure and affordable access to modern energy.U.S. officials fear the new Chinese-led institutions will lend to projects that are unable to secure financing from other multilateral institutions, rendering the conditionality ineffective. But there is a deeper, unspoken fear that the new institutions will be used to enhance China's leadership at the expense of the United States and its traditional allies in Asia including Japan, South Korea and Australia.In the run-up to the APEC summit, U.S. diplomats have sought to keep the focus on the Trans-Pacific Partnership, a proposed U.S.-led regional trade deal, rather than the broader Free Trade Area of the Asia Pacific, promoted by China.It is part of a mounting economic, political and military competition between the United States and China across the region.BALANCE OF ECONOMIC POWERAsia-Pacific is not the only area where the post-war economic and financial leadership of the United States and its network of allies is being challenged.The U.S. pivot to Asia is being matched by a similar move on the part of Russia, which has sought to reduce its dependence on the United States and Europe by upgrading its economic ties with China. In the past six months, Russia has signed two major deals to supply natural gas to China, which has become Russia's most important trading partner. In July 2014, China, Russia, India and Brazil reached agreement on a $100 billion New Development Bank to be headquartered in Shanghai. China and Russia have also been busy promoting economic and military ties across Central Asia through the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation.The major financial and economic institutions, which experts sometimes call the "international financial architecture", no longer correspond to the balance of power and the shifting centre of gravity in the world economy.The International Monetary Fund, World Bank and regional development banks are all dominated by the United States and its allies in terms of voting rights, capital structure, headquarters location and staffing.Efforts to reform them to give a greater role to China and the other fast-growing developing economies have largely proved unfruitful.The multilateral lending institutions are severely undercapitalised and have nowhere near enough resources to meet the enormous infrastructure needs across Asia, Africa and Latin America.The result is that many multilateral institutions appear to be outdated, too small and entrenched in colonialist approaches to development. TRADE AND FINANCIAL FLOWSThere is still an assumption that economies of developing countries are defined by their relationship with their more developed counterparts. But that world has vanished over the last decade.More than half the exports from developing economies were sent to other developing economies in 2013, according to the World Trade Organization ("International Trade Statistics 2014").Countries in Asia sent more than 60 percent of their exports to other nations in Asia and to Africa and the Middle East, compared with just over 15 percent each to North America and Europe.As the world's greatest export powerhouse, China has accumulated vast foreign exchange reserves and is now becoming a major supplier of capital.Prior to the financial crisis, that capital was tied up passively and uselessly in U.S. Treasury bonds. Now China wants to use its capital more productively to invest in infrastructure in its major trading partners and at the same time buy more economic and political influence.There is nothing new in the idea that countries seek to turn financial capital into political power. Britain pursued the same approach in the 19h century, and the United States has done so successfully since World War Two.Market access and capital can all be traded for various forms of influence. The Marshall Plan traded U.S. economic assistance in European reconstruction for a pro-American orientation in European foreign policy.As the balance of power within the global economy shifts, it is inevitable that the international economic architecture will have to evolve.Some western foreign policy specialists have naively assumed that emerging markets would become integrated into existing post-war, western-dominated structures of power and governance.But it was always at least as likely that those institutions would have to adapt and change to accommodate the rising economic and financial power of emerging markets.Just as access to American markets and capital was once a key component of U.S. diplomacy, China is now employing its financial and trade muscle to win friends and influence.   (editing by Jane Baird)
Jane Baird
113
http://www.reuters.com/article/2011/06/15/financial-bitcoin-idUSN1510930920110615
Bitcoin exchanges offer anti- money-laundering aid
Wed Jun 15, 2011 6:01pm EDT
   ST. LOUIS, June 15 (Thomson Reuters Accelus) - Exchanges that have facilitated trade in a fledgling digital currency known as Bitcoins are offering to help U.S. law enforcement track suspect transactions, after two senators charged that the operations aided drug traffickers and money launderers. Japan-based Mt Gox Bitcoin Exchange handles the vast majority of Bitcoin trades. Like the seven other Bitcoin exchanges that operate in London, Poland and elsewhere, it matches buy and sell orders and uses a bank account to receive and send related payments. These exchanges are unregulated and their obligations to report suspicious activity to authorities, as other financial institutions must, are nebulous. Mark Karpeles, the chief executive of Tibanne Co of Tokyo, which operates Mt Gox, told Thomson Reuters that the company was not averse to cooperating with authorities. "As a company handling Bitcoins, it is not our intention of doing anything illegal," Karpeles said via email on Tuesday. "We sent a letter to the Drug Enforcement Administration to address this issue." He declined to release a copy of the letter, but said, "Basically we explain what Bitcoin is, and the fact it's much more traceable than what the media has been saying. We do not want Bitcoin to be misunderstood." SENATORS' LETTER Karpeles wrote the agency in response to a letter which Democratic senators Charles Schumer of New York and Joe Manchin of West Virginia had written earlier this month to U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder and Michele Leonhart, head of the Drug Enforcement Administration. That letter expressed concerns about the underground Web site Silk Road and the use of "untraceable" Bitcoins to make purchases there. The senators cited media reports that some tech-savvy individuals were using an "anonymizing network" known as Tor to gain clandestine access to Silk Road and buy illegal drugs with Bitcoins.  Bitcoins, a two-year old digital currency, were initially traded among a small group of tech-savvy enthusiasts, generally in exchange for services such as Web support, but they can now be purchased at exchanges by anyone with real-world funds. A Bitcoin has recently been worth roughly $10 to $20, but the rate is volatile. According to traders, more than 300,000 Bitcoins have been sold each day during the past month. Schumer has sharply criticized Bitcoins. "It's an online form of money laundering used to disguise the source of money, and to disguise who's both selling and buying the drug," Schumer said. The Gawker blog reported that Silk Road sellers mailed illegal drugs after receiving payment in Bitcoins. The transactions were believed to leave no traditional money trail for investigators to follow. The DEA has expressed concerned about Bitcoins and other anonymous digital currencies.  Karpeles said Bitcoin transactions were in fact traceable. He said that while the system had been built to be anonymous, it was "really easy to track Bitcoins across the network." He added that since most Bitcoin transactions flowed through Mt Gox, it was "much easier to see how the funds were cashed out, and locate the final target if there was need." "We have no opinion for or against Silk Road because we don't feel we are associated in any way. However, if we are required to track payments coming in or out of Silk Road, we will comply, as we all want to see Bitcoin successful in the future." "PURE FREEDOM"  He added that Bitcoins were not intended as a criminal tool. He said they were bought and sold by investors, libertarians who wanted "pure freedom," geeks who liked "tech stuff" and saw Bitcoin as a new toy, and others who engaged in online commerce and did not want to pay substantial fees. Amir Taaki, the founder of the Britcoin exchange based in London said he has already approached British regulators in an effort to obtain "legalized, regulated status." "We want to make Bitcoin legal, not have it outlawed," he said. He said Britcoin also would be willing to help root out criminal activity, and was keeping account records. Donald Norman, the co-founder of a London-based consultancy that serves Bitcoin exchanges, said that a data file existed which reflected the complete history of Bitcoin transactions, so that "the ownership of every single coin is completely known and traceable." He added that the exchanges were struggling to establish relationships with regulators, in part because the currency was so novel. "There is nothing on the law books about Bitcoins," he said. (Editing by Randall Mikkelsen) (This article was produced by the Compliance Complete service of Thomson Reuters Accelus. Compliance Complete (here) provides a single source for regulatory news, analysis, rules and developments, with global coverage of more than 230 regulators and exchanges.) 
Randall Mikkelsen
114
http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/11/27/us-bitcoin-trade-idUSBRE9AQ0YR20131127
Bitcoin price zooms through $1,000 as enthusiasm grows
Wed Nov 27, 2013 2:28pm EST
  NEW YORK The price of the digital currency bitcoin soared above $1,000 for the first time on Wednesday, extending a 400 percent surge in less than a month that some see as a growing bubble in an asset that is still a mystery to many.Bitcoin hit a high of $1,073 on Tokyo-based exchange Mt. Gox, the best-known operator of a bitcoin digital marketplace, compared with just below $900 the previous day.At the beginning of the month, bitcoin, a prominent digital currency that is not backed by a government or central bank, traded at around $215. The spike in its price has some believing that it has become overvalued in a short period of time, owing to its limited supply and increasing demand."A narrow asset class and lots of liquidity is the perfect environment for a rapid burst up in value, and then corrections," said Sebastien Galy, a currency strategist at Societe Generale in New York.Bitcoin trades 24 hours a day, every day. The supply of the currency, which is "mined" by solving math problems, is limited, and recently stood at 12 million bitcoins, worth about $12.9 billion at recent prices. Bitcoin is not backed by physical assets and is not run by any person or group. Its value depends on people's confidence in the currency. It has been gaining acceptance by the general public and investment community but has yet to become an accepted form of payment on the websites of major retailers such as Amazon.com.Earlier in the month, the U.S. Senate held a hearing on virtual currencies, with some officials expressing concern that it is notable for its use in criminal activity and that there is a lack of regulatory oversight. But bitcoin advocates say last week's Senate hearing gave more legitimacy to the currency, in part fueling the gains."It isn't just the bitcoin community saying that bitcoin is used for good things and there's a lot of great potential. We have members of Congress and government agencies who all agree," said Jinyoung Lee Englund, spokeswoman for the Bitcoin Foundation in Washington.Bitcoin is valued by many users for its anonymity. But government officials expressed concerns that many virtual currency services do not have the proper controls in place to prevent illegal activities such as money laundering. "Virtual currencies, perhaps most notably Bitcoin, have captured the imagination of some, struck fear among others and confused the heck out of the rest of us," Senator Thomas Carper told the Senate Homeland Security Committee earlier this month.In October, federal authorities shut down an online marketplace called Silk Road that was used for purchasing drugs and hiring hit men. Authorities seized $3.6 million worth of bitcoin, which was used instead of cash or credit cards to complete transactions on Silk Road.More than 200 bitcoin businesses and other merchants are participating in a bitcoin Black Friday shopping event, where users can buy everything from airplane tickets to Christmas trees to organic beer.(Reporting by Wanfeng Zhou; Editing by Kenneth Barry and Krista Hughes)
Wanfeng Zhou
115
http://www.reuters.com/article/slideshow/idUSBRE9250OR20130306
116
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/05/08/press-digest-china-idUSL4N0XZ0WO20150508
PRESS DIGEST - China - May 8
Thu May 7, 2015 9:54pm EDT
  SHANGHAI May 8 Chinese newspapers available in Beijing and Shanghai carried the following stories on Friday. Reuters has not checked the stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.CHINA SECURITIES JOURNAL- Shanghai Stock Exchange will support the development of the country's emerging industries, including helping Internet firms to list in China, the bourse said in a statement.- Ouzhi, a financial services subsidiary of Baosteel Iron & Steel Co Ltd, has signed strategic contracts with 13 banks in Shanghai for more than 160 billion yuan ($25.78 billion) of credit, the paper reported citing the deputy manager of the company.- China's State Council said in a directive on Thursday to push forward development of e-commerce, including lowering entry barriers and providing some financial support. SHANGHAI SECURITIES NEWS - China Export and Credit Insurance Corporation has provided a total of $95.8 billion in insurance coverage to the country's New Silk Road projects in 2014, including $400 million of reparation, the chairman of the company told the paper.FINANCIAL TIMES - Local insurance funds, with a total corpus of more than 600 billion yuan, will begin to invest in China's stock market from next year, the paper said citing industry experts.For Hong Kong and South China newspapers see.....($1 = 6.2063 Chinese yuan)   (Compiled by Shanghai Newsroom; Editing by Sunil Nair)
None
117
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/07/03/us-bitcoin-circle-idUSKBN0F827J20140703
Bitcoin pioneer calls for regulatory guidance from EU
Thu Jul 3, 2014 2:24pm EDT
  BRUSSELS Europe should update its laws to reflect the rise of digital currencies, the head of a bitcoin start-up said, after a successful U.S. auction of bitcoins was seen as a sign of their broadening appeal.The virtual currency has come under the scrutiny of regulators in both the United States and Europe following a series of high-profile scandals such as the bankruptcy of Tokyo-based bitcoin exchange Mt. Gox.But authorities such as the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission have not yet taken a uniform approach to regulating the nascent digital currency, and have limited themselves to issuing warnings about its risks for investors."One of the challenges is that without clear guidance from the EU, from the UK, it will limit industry development," said Jeremy Allaire, head of Circle, a bitcoin consumer finance company that allows people to use and store bitcoins online."Unless they have a clear view of where does this (bitcoin) fit, how do we know what the rules are?" he said in an interview with Reuters.Launched in 2009, bitcoin offers a way for people to conduct transactions over the Internet. Its backers say its anonymity - users do not need to reveal any card or financial details when making payments - protects people from fraud. Critics say this also makes it easier to commit crimes like buying illegal drugs online. Last October U.S. authorities seized 144,000 bitcoins online in a raid on Silk Road, an Internet black-market bazaar that authorities said had been used for illegal drug transactions. Some of those bitcoins were auctioned off last week.Allaire said bitcoins could be regulated in the same way as  other payment services such as PayPal, with strict consumer protection safeguards so people would feel safer using them.The EU's law regulating payment services should be updated to reflect the use of bitcoins, he added. Bitcoin supporters maintain that digital currencies are set to expand further and that as they become more mainstream the price volatility and scams that have so far bedevilled them will decrease. In June online travel agency Expedia began accepting bitcoins as a form of payment."As bigger exchanges get built and you see it move from retail and speculative investors to more traditional institutional investors ... you'll see greater price stability," said Allaire. Last week's auction of almost 30,000 bitcoins by the U.S. law enforcement authorities attracted bids from several high-profile investors, such as U.S. investment firm Pantera Capital. The auction was won by one bidder, Silicon Valley investor Tim Draper, who called it a vote of confidence by the U.S. government in the nascent crypto-currency. Allaire said authorities on both sides of the Atlantic were starting to come to terms with the rise of digital currency after initially shunning it."A number of these regulatory bodies have started to analyze it and look at the risks," he said. "Most scratched their heads at the beginning and said 'do I need to care about this? I just want it to go away.'" (Editing by Mark Trevelyan)
Mark Trevelyan
118
http://www.reuters.com/article/2012/07/29/oly-twitter-day-idUSL6E8IT1RA20120729
Olympics-Please, do not tweet unless you have to, fans told
Sun Jul 29, 2012 10:42am EDT
  LONDON, July 29 Sports fans attending the London Olympics were told by Olympic bosses on Sunday to avoid sending non-urgent text messages and tweets during events because an overloaded network was affecting television coverage.Coverage of the men's road cycling race on Saturday left many viewers in the dark at times, including details on how far back the chasing pack was from the leaders. Commentators were unable to get timing information due to issues surrounding the communications network of the GPS satellite navigation system.It was particularly annoying for the home crowd, who had tuned into to watch what had been billed as one of Britain's best chances of winning an early gold medal with sprint king Mark Cavendish.Many vented their anger on Twitter at the lack of information - and their disappointment at Cavendish's eventual defeat.An International Olympic Committee spokesman said it was a network issue, caused by hundreds of thousands of fans, who had lined the streets of London to cheer the British team on, sending messages. He urged people to spread their use."Of course, if you want to send something, we are not going to say 'don't, you can't do it', and we would certainly never prevent people," the IOC spokesman said. "It's just, if it's not an urgent, urgent one, please kind of take it easy."We don't want people to stop engaging in social media but we are asking to see if people can send by other means."The use of mobile phones to access the Internet and take and send photos and video has exploded in recent years, making London 2012 the really first social media Games, but also putting extra pressure on the networks. Mayor of London Boris Johnson warned last year the networks would face a "massive strain", with hundreds of thousands of spectators wanting to share a moment of victory or defeat with friends and family.At the time he said a huge amount of work was being done to make sure there was enough coverage, and that mobile operators and infrastructure companies would "crack it" in time.Enough cable has been laid in the Olympic Park in east London to stretch between London and New York, suggesting that if there were any problems, they would be more likely to occur at venues outside the park. Television coverage is being carried out by the Olympic Broadcasting Services, created by the International Olympic Committee in 2001 to ensure uniform coverage at all Games.The IOC spokesman said it appeared the problem lay with oversubscription on one particular network, and talks had taken place late Saturday and early Sunday in attempt to share more of the data."We are taking action on a number of things," the spokesman said."It's mainly a technical issue with the network. It's a network issue, and it is that which we are working on."He conceded though that asking people to not send messages at critical moments, may not have "an awful lot of effect".   (Editing by Alison Williams)
Alison Williams
119
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/11/30/us-china-southchinasea-idUSKCN0JE04J20141130
China's Xi strikes conciliatory note, broadens diplomatic focus
Sun Nov 30, 2014 2:29am EST
  BEIJING China's President Xi Jinping ratcheted down Beijing's heated rhetoric and called on the government to expand its foreign policy agenda through cooperation and diplomacy.China should "promote peaceful resolution of differences and disputes between countries through dialogue and consultation, and oppose the willful use of threat of force," Xi said in a major policy address this weekend, according to a report by the official Xinhua News Agency late on Saturday.         "We have advocated the building of a new type of international relations underpinned by win-win cooperation," Xi told a meeting of top leaders convened by the Communist Party to discuss foreign policy. China championed "a new vision featuring common, comprehensive, cooperative and sustainable security."Xi's remarks are the latest indication that China is adopting more conciliatory foreign policy tactics and addressing fears its economic growth will inevitably spawn a more muscular diplomatic and military approach. Earlier this month, China attempted to mollify relations with Vietnam, the Philippines and the U.S. during the annual Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation summit, which was hosted in Beijing. China also has promised more than $120 billion since May to Africa, Southeast Asia and Central Asia, including a $40-billion New Silk Road fund and a $50-billion Beijing-backed Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank."We should increase China's soft power, give a good Chinese narrative, and better communicate China's message to the world," Xi said.    China also should "firmly uphold" its "territorial sovereignty, maritime rights and interest and national unity," Xi said. Beijing in recent months has adopted an activist approach to securing its claims to areas of the South China Sea.Last week, China's foreign ministry hit back at "irresponsible remarks" from the United States, which has called on Beijing to stop a land reclamation project in the disputed Spratly Islands, after a leading defense publication said satellite images showed China was building an island on a reef that could be large enough to accommodate an airstrip.  China lays claim to almost all of the South China Sea, believed to be rich with minerals and oil-and-gas deposits and one of Asia's most likely flashpoints. Brunei, Malaysia, the Philippines, Vietnam and Taiwan also have claims."Our biggest opportunity lies in China's steady development and the growth in its strength," Xi said. (Reporting by Matthew Miller; Editing by Clarence Fernandez)
Matthew Miller
120
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/09/07/us-southasia-japan-idUSKBN0H20HW20140907
Abe becomes first Japanese PM to visit Sri Lanka in 24 years
Sun Sep 7, 2014 9:55am EDT
  COLOMBO/DHAKA Shinzo Abe on Sunday became the first Japanese prime minister to visit Sri Lanka in 24 years, on the second leg of a South Asian tour that sought to assert Tokyo's interest in a region where it has ceded influence to China.Abe was greeted by Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa at Colombo's international airport, where a new passenger terminal will be built with the help of a $330 million Japanese development loan.The two leaders struck "a new partnership between maritime countries" that reflects Japan's interest in keeping open shipping lanes that supply oil and liquefied natural gas from the Middle East to feed its energy-dependent economy."The president and I shared the view on building friendly ties and partnership between the two maritime countries," Abe said after the meeting.Asian great-power diplomacy has stirred into life since the rise to power of Indian nationalist Narendra Modi, who announced his intent to play an active role on the world stage by inviting regional leaders to his inauguration in May. Abe comes to India's backyard after hosting Modi for summit talks that yielded a Japanese pledge to invest $34 billion in India and launched a "special, strategic global partnership" to deepen security cooperation.The Japanese premier pre-empts Chinese President Xi Jinping, who travels to India and Sri Lanka later this month. "They (the Japanese) are aware that we are beholden to China's influence in many ways, so they would like to counter that," Nanda Godaga, a retired Sri Lankan diplomat who follows Japanese foreign policy, said before Abe's visit.China has financed the construction of a $500 million port terminal for Colombo as part of efforts to build a '21st-century maritime silk road', but Tokyo plays down any notion that Asia's two largest economies are entering a geopolitical contest."We are not going to become a big superpower ... we have a lot of investment in China," Abe's spokesman, Kenko Sone, told a briefing in the Bangladeshi capital Dhaka on Sunday morning. "We have some difficulties with them but we prefer to solve those issues through discussions."In Bangladesh on Saturday, Abe followed up on commitments for Japanese business to invest 600 billion yen ($5.7 billion) in infrastructure projects, and won Dhaka's support for Tokyo's bid for a temporary seat on the United Nations Security Council. (Writing by Douglas Busvine; Editing by Kevin Liffey)
Douglas Busvine
121
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/02/03/us-usa-bitcoin-trial-idUSKBN0L729620150203
Accused Silk Road operator never abandoned website, U.S. tells jury
Tue Feb 3, 2015 5:09pm EST
  NEW YORK A U.S. prosecutor sought on Tuesday to dissuade jurors from believing that the man who created the underground website Silk Road and is facing drug trafficking charges abandoned the venture long before it was shut down.Ross Ulbricht, who is on trial in Manhattan federal court, has acknowledged creating Silk Road, where drugs and other goods could be bought with bitcoins. But his lawyer said he sold the website and was the victim of a set-up by its actual operator.During closing arguments, a prosecutor called that claim "absurd" in light of the "mountain of evidence" seized from Silk Road servers and Ulbricht's laptop showing he ran the website from start to finish, using the alias Dread Pirate Roberts."He built it, he grew it, he operated it from start to bottom until the end, when he was arrested logged into the website as its mastermind," said the prosecutor, Serrin Turner.But Joshua Dratel, Ulbricht's lawyer, said files linking the defendant to the website were planted through hacking by the real Dread Pirate Roberts, who lured him back in at the end."It was easy to reconstruct this in a way that would frame Mr. Ulbricht," Dratel said. Silk Road operated from at least January 2011 until October 2013, when authorities seized it and arrested Ulbricht.By that time, Silk Road had generated nearly $213.9 million in sales and $13.2 million in commissions, prosecutors said.Ulbricht, 30, faces seven criminal counts, including narcotics trafficking conspiracy, for his role in building what Turner called "an online storefront for drug dealers." Turner said the Dread Pirate Roberts alias, borrowed from a character in the 1987 movie "The Princess Bride," was a "bogus cover story" that suggested the name could be passed to others as in the film."The defendant is trying to dust off the old 'Dread Pirate Roberts' flag and fly it one more time - before you, ladies and gentlemen," Turner told jurors.Dratel, in contrast, pointed to a friend's testimony that Ulbricht in November 2011 claimed to have sold Silk Road. Changes to the website showed it was run by someone else as Dread Pirate Roberts, Dratel said. The lawyer said someone then created fake files sprinkled with details about Ulbricht's real life that could be found easily on websites such as Facebook, as authorities zeroed in.Jury deliberations are expected to begin on Wednesday.The case is U.S. v. Ulbricht, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 13-06919. (Reporting by Nate Raymond; Editing by Noeleen Walder and Dan Grebler)
Nate Raymond
122
http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/10/29/turkey-tunnel-idUSL5N0IJ19Z20131029
Turkey realises Ottoman dream with rail tunnel linking Europe to Asia
Tue Oct 29, 2013 10:40am EDT
  ISTANBUL Oct 29 Turkey opens the world's first underwater rail link between two continents on Tuesday, connecting Asia and Europe and allowing Prime Minister Tayyip Erdogan to realise a project dreamt up by Ottoman sultans more than a century ago.The engineering feat spans 13 km (8 miles) to link Europe with Asia some 60 metres below the Bosphorus Strait. Called the Marmaray, it will carry subway commuters in Europe's biggest city and eventually serve high-speed and freight trains."The Marmaray project unites...the continents of the historic Silk Road," Transport Minister Binali Yildirim said ahead of the opening, which coincides with the 90th anniversary of the founding of the modern Turkish Republic.The 5.5 billion lira ($2.8 billion) tunnel is one of Erdogan's "mega projects," an unprecedented building spree designed to change the face of Turkey.They include a 50-km canal to rival the Suez that would render half of Istanbul an island, an airport that will be the world's busiest and a giant mosque atop an Istanbul hill.Atomic power stations are on the drawing table. A third bridge over the Bosphorus, whose construction has already felled 1 million trees, is under way.The plans have fired up Erdogan's opponents who dub them "pharaonic projects," symptom of an increasingly authoritarian style of government, and warn of environmental catastrophes in one of world's most earthquake-prone nations.They accuse Erdogan, still broadly popular after 10 years in power, of bypassing city planners and bulldozing history to make way for pet projects in an ancient city that was the capital of the Byzantine Empire, then after the 1453 Islamic conquest became the centre of Ottoman power.A small environmental effort to save an Istanbul park in late May grew into the biggest anti-government protests in decades. Besides engineering projects, Erdogan has wrought radical social change, breaking the traditional power of the secularist army and drawing accusations from some that he pursues an Islamist agenda, something he denies.Erdogan argues his policies meet the needs of a rapidly expanding and increasingly affluent population."Roads are civilisation," he said last week. "Our values recognise no obstacle for roads. If a mosque is where a road will go, we will tear down that mosque and build it elsewhere." SULTAN'S PROJECTErdogan has called the Marmaray the project of the century and says it fulfills an age-old "dream of our ancestors".Plans for a rail tunnel below the Bosphorus date to at least 1891, when Ottoman Sultan Abdulhamid, a patron of public works whom Erdogan frequently evokes, had French engineers draft a submerged tunnel on columns that was never built.Today, the gleaming Marmaray is an immersed tube set in the seabed built by Japan's Taisei Corp with Turkish partners Nurol and Gama. The bulk of financing came from the Japan Bank for International Cooperation.Money for the other infrastructure schemes may prove more difficult to come by as global liquidity tightens, and that may force Erdogan to scale back plans or scrap some altogether, said Atilla Yesilada, an analyst with GlobalSource Partners.The mega projects would add at least $180 billion to Turkey's foreign debt stock, he said, further swelling an already massive current account deficit, which the IMF says may reach 7 percent of economic output this year. "Rather than having a social utility, some of these seem to be legacy projects: Erdogan trying to leave his mark on the Turkish landscape and history," Yesilada said. "It is like pharaohs building more pyramids to their names."Political patronage also plays a part, Yesilada said. Companies close to the government often win construction tenders, and as in other emerging markets, construction is an economic motor.Turkey plans to spend $250 billion on roads, energy and IT infrastructure alone over the next decade.But Yildirim, the transportation minister, dismissed the concerns about financing as mere envy."Half of the world is at war, the other half is in an economic slowdown, while Turkey is carrying out its big projects," he said. "There's no need for this jealousy." FAULT LINESThe Union of Chambers of Turkish Engineers and Architects warned the Marmaray set on a silty seabed 20 km from the active North Anatolian Fault is at risk in case of a large earthquake, which geologists predict may strike within a generation.But Yildirim described the Marmaray as the "safest structure in Istanbul," its free-floating structure designed to withstand an earthquake with a magnitude of 9. Interlocking floodgates would seal off each section.Some 17,000 people were killed in 1999 when a 7.6 magnitude quake struck the western city of Izmit.The Marmaray will reduce car traffic by 20 percent in Istanbul, among the world's most congested, when it eventually carries 1.5 million people a day.Murat Guvenc, director of the Urban Studies Reseach Centre at Istanbul Sehir University, said the tunnel will essentially shrink Istanbul, a sprawling metropolis of 15 million people."The historical peninsula has remained intact for 25 centuries, like the eye of the storm, because of the natural barriers of the Golden Horn and Bosphorus waterways," Guvenc said. "The Marmaray removes those boundaries."Construction of the tunnel on the European side yielded a Byzantine port with more than 13 shipwrecks and thousands of other relics that date back as far as 8,500 years.The finds nearly doubled the project's duration and prompted UNESCO, the United Nations' cultural arm, to voice concern about threats to the peninsula, a World Heritage site.The government will open an "archaeological park" at the Yenikapi subway station to showcase relics. Station walls are decorated in a Hellenic theme with amphoras and galleons."Had it been up to the archaeologists, this project would have never finished," Yildirim said.
None
123
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/04/12/car-nascar-sprint-writethru-idUSMTZEB4CODFL0Y20150412
Johnson wins Duck Commander 500 in Texas
Sun Apr 12, 2015 1:10am EDT
  Johnson wins Duck Commander 500 in TexasFORT WORTH, Texas -- Jimmie Johnson took the lead with 14 laps to go and drove to the win Saturday night in the Duck Commander 500 NASCAR Sprint Cup Series race at Texas Motor Speedway."We just kept plugging at it and I think the off-week was good for us to sit down and relax, reboot and come back to the track and they brought me a fast race car that was good all weekend," Johnson said.It was Johnson's second win of the season and the fifth of his career at Texas Motor Speedway.Kevin Harvick, who finished second to Johnson earlier this season at Atlanta Motor Speedway and second to Johnson in the fall 2014 race at Texas, repeated those performances with another runner-up showing Saturday. Dale Earnhardt Jr. was third."We weren't as good as the 48 (Johnson) or the 4 (Harvick) early in the race, but we definitely improved it and Greg (Ives, crew chief) and the Nationwide team did a great job in getting it better," Earnhardt said. "We have had that speed all year and it's good to get a good finish in the bank because these last few weeks have been pretty rough, but we know what we are capable of."During the eighth and final caution of the race -- with 25 laps to go -- Harvick, Johnson and Earnhardt were among the drivers who took four tires. Meanwhile, Jamie McMurray, Jeff Gordon and Martin Truex Jr. took two apiece and restarted the race in the top three spots. Harvick was the first driver to get off pit road with four and restarted fourth. Johnson restarted seventh."I thought we were in big trouble once we restarted," Johnson said. "The No. 4 (Harvick) went up through there and got to the lead. I just couldn't go anywhere. I got so tight. We weren't sure if it was a bad set of tires. We felt like we had a set that didn't match up with us earlier in the race. So we made no adjustments. "We went out the next restart and the car was a little better, but made an adjustment. Then that last pit stop we made the right adjustment. I caught the No. 4 racing with the No. 1 (McMurray). I was able to get by both of those guys and check out. It was an exciting race. I hope the fans really enjoyed that one."Harvick got up to second position with 18 laps remaining, and Johnson followed him through traffic to take third. Johnson then got by both Harvick and McMurray to take the lead and drive away to the win. Harvick and Earnhardt swapped the second and third positions several times in the closing laps."I just got behind there and Jimmie was fast for those last couple laps and got around us," Harvick said. "I got loose coming off four and I got in the wall and just was trying to hang on to where I needed to be. I just have to thank everybody on my Budweiser/Jimmy John's team for all that they have done and we just raced as hard as we could and it was a lot of fun."Joey Logano finished fourth and Brad Keselowski rounded out the top five. McMurray and Gordon dropped back to sixth and seventh by the finish. Kasey Kahne, Truex and Carl Edwards finished eighth through 10th. "We did two (tires) two other times in the race and it worked out really well for us," McMurray said. "When I cleared the No. 24 (Gordon), I thought we had a legitimate shot at winning. I got checked out it seemed like a straightaway. But once the guys with four tires got clear their cars were a little better than ours and they had better tires. You just can't hold them up here. The track is wide enough and they were enough faster than me that I really couldn't even hold them up."Johnson, the leader at the halfway point of the race, lost the top spot when Kahne stayed out during a green-flag cycle of pit stops around Lap 219 after getting off sequence when he made an unscheduled stop for a vibration on Lap 199."We the Great Clips Chevrolet was pretty close," Kahne said. "There were times when I felt really competitive with the leaders and other times more like a fifth-place car. Keith (Rodden, crew chief) did a great job we prepared a nice car. We just left too many wheels loose throughout the race. I think three; you can't run well when you do that."Johnson returned to the lead when he got off pit road first during a Lap 228 caution. Harvick restarted fourth after that caution but got up to second on Lap 247. Both Johnson and Harvick were among drivers mired just outside the top 10 when the yellow flag waved again on Lap 260 and they headed for pit road while several other drivers stayed out.Harvick was back up front by a restart after a Lap 295 caution and Johnson worked his way back up to third. Johnson was the leader at the halfway point and Harvick was second after the race field cycled through green-flag stops around Lap 156.Harvick had lost the lead to Johnson just before the pit stops.Johnson took the lead for the first time when he passed Brad Keselowski on Lap 109, just before the yellow flag waved for the second time in the race. Johnson maintained his lead on pit road and on the restart before getting passed by Harvick on Lap 125.Kurt Busch and Harvick started on the front row and combined to lead until a cycle of green flag pit stops on Laps 80 and 81. Keselowski had pitted for a vibration on Lap 67 and stayed out as the other drivers came in.During the first caution on Lap 32, Earnhardt and Bowyer also were forced down pit road an extra time. Bowyer later had a second vibration issue.Busch started on the pole but lost the lead to Harvick on Lap 1. Harvick led the first 34 laps before Busch beat him off pit road during the first caution.NOTES: Joey Logano won the 2014 Duck Commander 500. ... Brad Keselowski and Dale Earnhardt Jr. finished second and third behind winner Erik Jones in the NASCAR Xfinity Series race on Friday night at Texas Motor Speedway. ... Kurt Busch's pole for the Duck Commander 500 was his second in four races. Stewart-Haas Racing teammate Kevin Harvick started next to him on the front row both times. ... The Texas race marked Kyle Larson's return after being sidelined for the race at Martinsville (Va.) Speedway because of a fainting spell the day before. ... The Texas race was the first after NASCAR severely penalized the No. 31 Richard Childress Racing team and driver Ryan Newman for modifying tires two races ago at Auto Club Speedway in Fontana, Calif.
None
124
http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/06/24/us-pakistan-tourists-idUSBRE95N0ZS20130624
Himalayan massacre spells end for Pakistan mountaineering
Mon Jun 24, 2013 1:01pm EDT
  ISLAMABAD Pakistan's once thriving mountaineering industry is reeling from the killing by militants of 10 foreign climbers, a massacre likely to drive away all but the hardiest adventurers from some of the world's tallest and most pristine peaks.A tour company present during the attack said gunmen dressed as police ordered tourists out of tents at the 4,200-meter (13,860-foot) base camp of Nanga Parbat, the country's second highest peak, late on Saturday night, then shot them and a Pakistani guide.The attack on the last peak over 8,000 meters (26,400 feet) in the western Himalayas has been claimed by both the Pakistani Taliban and a smaller radical Islamist group.The foreign victims included two citizens from China, one from Lithuania, one from Nepal, two from Slovakia, three Ukrainians, and one person with joint U.S.-Chinese citizenship.Manzoor Hussain, president of the Alpine Club of Pakistan, said at least 40 foreigners including citizens from Serbia, Italy, Ireland, Denmark and the United States, among several other nationalities, were evacuated from a higher camp.A group of Romanians is believed to be scaling the mountain from another side. Some other groups booked for climbs this summer have already cancelled, one company said.Hussain said the attack was a "fatal blow" for his efforts to attract more climbers to the Hindu Khush, Karakoram and western Himalayan ranges, home to many unexplored summits."We are still in shock, we've had to apologize to so many mountaineers across the world," said Hussain, who described the attack as appalling and said he was devastated. Geographically, Pakistan is a climbers paradise. It rivals Nepal for the number of peaks over 7,000 meters and is home to the world's second tallest mountain, K2, and three more that are among the world's 14 summits higher than 8,000 meters.In more peaceful times, northern Pakistan's unspoilt beauty would be a major tourist draw, bringing sorely needed dollars to a nation that suffers repeated balance of payments crises.Mountaineers, many from China, Russia and Eastern Europe, are among the last foreigners who regularly visit Pakistan for leisure. Tourism has been devastated since 2007 by militant attacks and fighting between the Taliban and the army in once popular tribal valleys such as Swat in the northwest.The number of expeditions had also dwindled, but before the attack some 50 groups were expected this year in the remote Gilgit-Baltistan region, a stopover on the historic Silk Road.That has changed following Sunday's massacre, which sparked protests on Monday in Chilas, the closest town to the base camp, which depends on climbing for income in the summer. "I haven't slept since yesterday, it's a very sad situation," said Ghulam Muhammed, whose company Blue Sky Treks and Tours guided five of the climbers killed at the base camp.Blue Sky is based in the town of Skardu, which is heavily reliant on the income brought by outsiders."I am very worried, now business is finished, today two or three have cancelled, it is difficult now," said Muhammed, who was in the capital Islamabad to speak to embassies and family members of the victims. "In Gilgit-Baltistan, a lot of the economy is from tourism - the money goes to transporters, hotels, markets, porters guides and cooks."HIPPY TRAIL In reality, the tourist industry last thrived in the 1970s, when the "hippy trail" brought Western travelers through the apricot and walnut orchards of the Swat Valley and Kashmir on their way to India and Nepal.Years of war in Afghanistan helped end the overland route to Asia, and Pakistan's tourism never really recovered.While the attack on foreign climbers was a first, it did not come entirely out of the blue. Gilgit-Baltistan's Shi'ite Muslim population has suffered a number of sectarian killings by radical Sunni groups over the past year, including one that claimed responsibility for killing the climbers."We have been warning the government," Hussain said. "Security was beefed up, and there were checks on the road, but we wanted security parties for the mountaineers as well."The Pakistan Taliban later said it had carried out the attack, in retaliation for the death of its second in command in a U.S. drone strike in May. Since then, Pakistan's new government has been tested by a succession of major attacks on targets ranging from female students to a funeral procession.Gilgit-Baltistan is part of the disputed region of Kashmir. It is connected to China by a highway crossing the Karakoram range, home to K2. The attack was acutely embarrassing for Pakistan, which nurtures a close friendship with China in a drawn-out struggle with India over territory.In 1995, a group of foreign tourists was kidnapped in the part of Kashmir administered by India. One escaped, one was beheaded and four have never been found.(Editing by Mark Heinrich)
Mark Heinrich
125
http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/12/31/us-china-xinjiang-idUSBRE9BU01F20131231
Religious extremism blamed for Xinjiang attack
Tue Dec 31, 2013 4:18am EST
  BEIJING Chinese police said the nine people responsible for a deadly "terrorist attack" in the western region of Xinjiang were promoting religious extremism, state media reported on Tuesday.Xinjiang is home to a Turkic-speaking, Muslim people known as Uighurs, some of whom resent what they see as oppressive treatment by the government.The Xinjiang government said police shot dead eight people on Monday during the attack in Yarkand county close to the old Silk Road city of Kashgar in Xinjiang's south. The violence raised the death toll from clashes there to at least 35 since November.State news agency Xinhua said late on Monday an initial probe showed the gang, led by Usman Barat and Abdugheni Abdukhadir, had gathered to watch terrorist videos and promote religious extremist ideas since August.They had also raised funds, made and tested explosives for planned terrorist attacks, Xinhua cited Xinjiang police as saying. Judging from their names, the suspects appear to be Uighur.Many Uighurs chafe at restrictions on their culture, language and religion, though the government insists it grants them broad freedoms. Rights groups and exiles say police often use often heavy-handed tactics against the Uighur community. Violence has broken out previously when groups of Uighurs protest at police stations, they say.At least 91 people, including several police, have been killed in violence in Xinjiang since April, according to state media reports. This month, police shot dead 14 people during a riot near Kashgar in which two policemen were also killed.China has previously blamed some of the violence in Xinjiang on Islamist militants plotting holy war.(Reporting by Sui-Lee Wee; Editing by Nick Macfie)
Sui-Lee Wee
126
http://www.reuters.com/article/2012/02/03/us-syria-aleppo-idUSTRE81213720120203
Uprising finally hits Syria's "Silk Road" city
Fri Feb 3, 2012 10:22am EST
  AMMAN Since protests against Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's government erupted 11 months ago, the ancient Silk Road city of Aleppo, with its leafy streets and faded, old-world hotels, has been spared serious violence.No longer.The uprising spread again to Syria's main commercial hub on Friday as one person was killed in fighting near Aleppo and demonstrations erupted within the key metropolis that had until recently remained largely on the sidelines.Overnight shelling of the town of Anadan, a few km (miles) from Aleppo, killed one man and wounded five others after insurgents and army defectors attacked roadblocks manned by loyalist troops. Rebels in Tel Rifaat, another town to the north, blocked the main highway to Turkey.Residents in several neighborhoods inside Aleppo reported hearing gunfire. Assad loyalist militiamen, known as 'shabbiha', fired at random overnight in the Hananu neighborhood as the refrain "God is great" echoed from houses in defiance of security forces who deployed in the area after growing pro-democracy demonstrations this week.Syrian state media did not comment on the Aleppo unrest, which may be another sign that the revolt against 42 years of Assad family rule is spreading to Syria's main city centers. The activists' reports are difficult to verify as foreign media access is restricted."Protests are now regular in Aleppo outside the walls of the old city," a woman teacher who works at a private school said."There is no petrol or heating oil and the discontent is spreading. Previously we would hear of scattered protests only in the university and in poor districts but now middle class areas are moving." Najdat, another activist, said "relative constraint" exercised by Assad's forces since the start of the uprising so as not to enrage Aleppo's inhabitants appears to be fading."Previously they would arrest people and let them go after a couple of days. As the demonstrations slowly gathered pace, beatings became more common. Now they are using live ammunition," he said.CALM SHATTEREDAleppo, Syria's second city situated near the border with Turkey, has stayed mostly on the sidelines in the uprising. The once cosmopolitan hub, famous as the culinary capital of the Middle East, played an important role in world economic history, intermediating commercially between East and West and supplying goods to Europe.Its importance waned with the Ottoman invasion in the 16th century, plunging it into a spiral of decline when Assad's Baath Party took power in a 1963 coup, nationalized the economy and drove the established merchant families and most of its vibrant Armenian and Christian trading community outside the country.The city's economy had improved in the last several years as Assad signed trade agreements with Turkey, helping to placate its mostly conservative population.But commercial activity plummeted when tensions rose with Turkey as it became increasingly critical of Assad's crackdown. Economic agreements between the two sides effectively have been frozen, damaging Aleppo's emerging business class. Months of relative calm in Aleppo were shattered when shabbiha militiamen killed at least 10 people after pro-democracy demonstrations erupted last week in the city which, together with adjoining towns, has a population of several million people, activists said.The killings, the deadliest in the city during the 11-month uprising, happened in the tribal Marjeh neighborhood after security forces fired at a rally demanding Assad's removal, they said.Some activists said those killed were all demonstrators while others said most were killed in clashes that followed the shooting on the protest.Assad's father, the late President Hafez al-Assad, had used a carrot-and-stick approach to placate Sunni merchants, who have has seen their status undermined by the rise of a young group of businessmen related to, or connected with, Bashar since he inherited power in 2000Bashar strived to prevent upheaval in the city. He spent a week in Aleppo shortly before the uprising erupted in March, replaced the municipal council and was shown frequently on state media with Ahmad Hassoun, the state-appointed Mufti, whom authorities consider to be the highest Muslim religious authority.Hassoun is from Aleppo. His son was assassinated three months ago, with the authorities blaming "terrorists" for the killing. Other government-appointed clerics and the city's influential Sunni Muslim merchant class have maintained ties with Assad, who is from Syria's minority Alawite sect, an offshoot of Shi'ite Islam."The difference between Aleppo and the rest of Syria is that Hassoun and the other clerics have remained quiet, and that the shabbiha the regime has recruited are actually Sunnis from the city, not Alawites," one businessman in the city said.(Editing by Michael Roddy)
Michael Roddy
127
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/02/25/cybersecurity-europe-idUSL5N0VY5MM20150225
Hackers controlling millions of PCs targeted in Europol sweep
Wed Feb 25, 2015 4:45am EST
  * Some 3.2 million computers hacked to steal banking data* Europol police worked with technology firms* No word on arrests while operation ongoingBy Anthony Deutsch and Jim FinkleAMSTERDAM/BOSTON, Feb 25 (Reuters) - A cybercrime ring that used 3.2 million hacked computers worldwide to steal banking information by seizing control of servers has been disrupted by European police and technology companies, officials said on Wednesday. Europol's European Cybercrime Centre coordinated the operation out of its headquarters in The Hague, targeting the so-called Ramnit botnet, a network of computers infected with malware.It worked with investigators from Germany, Italy, the Netherlands and Britain and was assisted by companies Anubisnetwork, Microsoft and Symantec, which said 3.2 million computers were hacked."We worked together to shut down the command and control servers for the network in various countries across the European Union," Paul Gillen, head of operations at the cybercrime centre, told Reuters. "The criminals have lost control of the infrastructure they were using." Seven servers used by the cybercriminals were shut down overnight, officials said.The malware, installed through links on spam email or infected websites, enabled culprits to take control of the PCs and use them for criminal activities. Computers around the world have been infected by the botnet, but most users have been infected in Britain, Gillen said.     Ramnit has been infecting computers since 2012.The British-led investigation is ongoing and Gillen said he could not comment on any possible arrests of suspects because that could interfere with police operations.Europol, the European police agency, has been coordinating cross border efforts to take down criminal infrastructure on the Internet and bring to justice those responsible.In November, U.S. and European authorities seized more than 400 secret website addresses and arrested suspects in an operation targeting black markets for drugs and other illegal services, known as Silk Road 2.0.       (Editing by Alison Williams)
Alison Williams
128
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/04/28/us-bitcoin-auction-silkroad-idUSKBN0NJ1S720150428
No new trial for man behind illicit Silk Road website
Tue Apr 28, 2015 4:17pm EDT
  NEW YORK A Manhattan federal judge has denied a request for a new trial for Ross Ulbricht, the man convicted of being the mastermind behind the Silk Road online black market for illegal drugsCalling evidence of Ulbricht's guilt "overwhelming," U.S. District Judge Katherine Forrest on Monday night rejected arguments that the defendant was improperly denied the right to review materials demonstrating his innocence, or examine alleged corruption by two "rogue" federal agents involved in the case."According to Ulbricht, the government's gamesmanship in this regard led to inadequate trial preparation, an inability to investigate whether certain evidence might be exculpatory, and, ultimately, an unfair trial," Forrest wrote in a 25-page decision. "These arguments are without merit."Ulbricht is appealing his conviction. In an email on Tuesday, his lawyer, Joshua Dratel, said the legal issues reviewed in Forrest's decision will be addressed in the appeal. A federal jury on Feb. 4 found Ulbricht, 31, guilty of narcotics and other charges for helping to enable about $200 million of anonymous online drug sales using the virtual currency bitcoin.Prosecutors said Ulbricht ran Silk Road under the pseudonym "Dread Pirate Roberts" before the website was shut down in October 2013. Ulbricht conceded that he created Silk Road, but said he was not responsible for illegal activity there. On March 30, the U.S. Department of Justice announced criminal charges, accusing former federal agents Carl Force and Shaun Bridges of wire fraud and money laundering tied to their alleged theft of bitcoin during the Silk Road probe.Forrest said she found no basis to believe any undisclosed material related to the agents would have been "remotely useful" to Ulbricht's defense. "There is no reasonable probability of a different outcome here," she wrote. Ulbricht faces up to life in prison. Dratel has asked that the May 15 sentencing be delayed, saying in part he needs to review new information from prosecutors on six alleged overdose deaths attributed to drugs bought from vendors on Silk Road.The case is U.S. v. Ulbricht, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No, 14-cr-00068. (Editing by Peter Galloway)
Peter Galloway
129
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/08/26/il-silkroad-idUSnBw265900a%2B100%2BBSW20140826
SilkRoad to Release TalentTalk Research on HR and Business Strategy
Tue Aug 26, 2014 11:02am EDT
    SilkRoad to Release TalentTalk Research on HR and Business Strategy   New Report Details HR Alignment to Company Goals and Success         SilkRoad, a leading global provider of cloud-based talent        management solutions, announced a new TalentTalk research report to        be released Thursday, August 28 with a live webcast to follow in        September. Based on survey responses from over 300 HR professionals, Aligning        Human Resources with Business Strategy to Create Value & Competitive        Advantage reveals how HR departments seek to sync people strategies        with business goals and company success.       Click        to tweet this release.       Click        to tweet the infographic.       Report Highlights    71% of respondents indicated that their HR planning process was          either extremely well linked or linked with the company’s overall          business strategy.         56% sighted ''working in a reactive company culture, constantly          putting out fires'' as an obstacle in aligning HR with overall company          strategy.         45% said a ''lack of HR technology to support company          objectives'' was also an obstacle.         17% said they seldom, very seldom, or never meet with C-Level          executives to assess HR effectiveness in achieving company goals.          Supporting Quote         “The responses in this report are very promising in that they show HR        strategies are focused on connecting people to business success,” said        John Shackleton, President and CEO of SilkRoad. “However, the results        also reveal that many HR departments lack the right technology to help        drive business performance to new levels.”       Supporting Resources    View          the infographic.         Register          to receive the report on release day.         Access          all 2014 SilkRoad TalentTalk research.          About SilkRoad         SilkRoad is a leading global provider of cloud-based, end-to-end talent        management solutions that enable customers to find, attract, develop,        and retain the best talent. The award-winning SilkRoad Life Suite        includes Talent Acquisition, Talent Development, and HRMS solutions that        are delivered through a tablet-friendly Talent Portal. The suite is easy        to deploy and use – a single platform to rapidly boost employee        engagement and business performance. Visit www.silkroad.com,        follow on Twitter @SilkRoadTweets        or call 866-329-3363 (U.S. toll free) or +1-312-574-3700.         Photos/Multimedia Gallery Available: http://www.businesswire.com/multimedia/home/20140826005900/en/        SilkRoadRyan Rivera, 312.300.4420Ryan.Rivera@silkroad.com        
None
130
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/04/13/china-policybanks-idUSL4N0XA3BE20150413
UPDATE 1-China to reform policy banks amid global push, faltering exports
Mon Apr 13, 2015 4:55am EDT
  (Adds statement by EXIM in paragraphs 9 and 10)BEIJING, April 13 (Reuters) - The Chinese government is restructuring the country's three major policy banks in a bid to better finance projects during the current economic slowdown, the country's cabinet said.The State Council said on Sunday it had approved the central bank's reform plans for China Development Bank (CDB), Export-Import Bank of China (EXIM) and Agricultural Development Bank of China (ADBC), according to three statements released on the government's website.Chinese outbound investment and exports reached record levels last year, but trade growth has wobbled this year and concerns over domestic debt levels have increased.By clarifying and redirecting the policy banks' roles, Beijing hopes to deepen support for Chinese companies investing abroad, provide better trade financing services, and also address mission creep by the banks, in particular EXIM and CDB, which have begun overlapping with each other and with commercial lenders. The cabinet said that CDB, China's policy lender responsible for large infrastructure investment at home and overseas, should "play an active role in stablizing China's economic growth and structural adjustment" and "increase support to strategic areas and sectors in difficulties"It also said CDB must "persist in its role as a developmental financial institution", implying a step away from earlier efforts to make CDB a more commercial, less government-backed lender.EXIM bank was told by the State Council to focus on its policy-bank role of financing China's ambitious global expansion, "supporting exports and implementing the government's 'going out' strategy". In Feburary, EXIM appointed central bank deputy governor Hu Xiaolian as its new chairwoman and Communist Party chief, paving the way for the reforms. In an online statement released on Monday, Exim said Hu would lead a new reform working office.The statement quoted Hu as saying that the bank should take advantage of "significant development opportunities" arising from strategies such as 'One Belt, One Road'", referring to a grand plan for a network of railways, highways and other infrastructure to create a new Silk Road. The cabinet also instructed ADBC, the country's major lender for agri-business, to separate policy-oriented lending from other businesses and build up control and decision systems to become a "sustainable" policy lender.The statements provided no details and didn't give any timelines for the changes."In an era of talking about reform being market-oriented, this seems to be a step in the opposite direction, to make them more policy oriented than commercially driven," said Oliver Barron, analyst at NSBO in Beijing.CDB, EXIM and ADBC couldn't be reached for comment when contacted by Reuters.     (Reporting By Beijing Newsroom, additional reporting by Pete Sweeney and Nathaniel Taplin in SHANGHAI, editing by Matthew Miller and Simon Cameron-Moore)
Beijing Newsroom, additional reporting by Pete Sweeney and Nathaniel Taplin in SHANGHAI, editing by Matthew Miller and Simon Cameron-Moore
131
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/05/05/idUSnCCN4SsL0V%2B1d5%2BMKW20150505
Lagunas, Kelleher, and Karsh to Keynote SilkRoad Connections User Conference, June 7-10 in Orlando, Florida
Tue May 5, 2015 10:28am EDT
    Lagunas, Kelleher, and Karsh to Keynote SilkRoad Connections User Conference, June 7-10 in Orlando, Florida     Talent Management Solution Leader to Announce "Golden Portal Award" for Best Achievement in New Hire Onboarding  CHICAGO, IL--(Marketwired - May 05, 2015) - SilkRoad, a leading global provider of cloud-based talent management solutions, today announced the keynote speaker lineup for Connections 2015, SilkRoad's annual global user event, which includes authors Brad Karsh and Bob Kelleher, and well-known analyst Kyle Lagunas. Along with 30+ HRCI credit approved sessions, product knowledge sessions, and networking events at the Hilton Bonnet Creek event, SilkRoad will award the first ever "Golden Portal" for achievement in new hire onboarding portal design. Visit http://connections.silkroad.com for details.Click here to tweet this release.Connections 2015 will also feature The Golden Portal Awards, which will be broadcast live via webcast! Employer branding experts, including Kyle Lagunas of Brandon Hall Group, will select the best company onboarding site and provide actionable insight on how attendees can enhance their own employer brand and leverage the entire new hire onboarding process for employee and organization success. To learn more and to register for the live webcast visit: http://hr1.silkroad.com/golden-portal "This year's user conference will prove to be a valuable experience for SilkRoad customers of every experience level and interest," said John Shackleton, President and CEO of SilkRoad. "Connections 2015 brings together valuable resources so that attendees can engage product experts, share experiences and knowledge, and return to their organizations with new ideas and new ways to leverage SilkRoad as a talent management partner."Conference HighlightsKeynote Speakers: Brad Karsh, Bob Kelleher, and Kyle LagunasOver 30 HRCI credit approved sessions covering Industry Insights and Strategy & TrendsUser success stories and case studiesBeginner through Advanced product training and product topic sessionsKnowledge Lab providing access to SilkRoad expertsGolden Portal Awards for best onboarding sitePartner Pavilion with over a dozen SilkRoad partnersAnd networking events, activities, and much more! For a full agenda and to register for the event visit: http://connections.silkroad.comAdditional ResourcesRegister for ConnectionsMeet the Keynote SpeakersSee the AgendaFollow @SilkRoadTweets and #SRUC15 About SilkRoad SilkRoad is a leading global provider of cloud-based, end-to-end talent management solutions that enable customers to find, attract, develop, and retain the best talent. The award-winning SilkRoad Life Suite includes Talent Acquisition, Talent Development, and HRMS solutions that are delivered through a tablet-friendly Talent Portal. The suite is easy to deploy and use -- a single platform to rapidly boost employee engagement and business performance. Visit www.silkroad.com, follow on Twitter @SilkRoadTweets or call 866-329-3363 (U.S. toll free) or +1-312-574-3700.  Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2015/5/5/11G040572/Images/Golden_Portal_Award__1_-877089284792.jpg Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2015/5/5/11G040572/Images/SRConnections-1037957493061.jpg  Contact:  Ryan Rivera Ryan.Rivera@silkroad.com 312.300.4420    
None
132
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/11/07/us-europol-cybersecurity-arrests-idUSKBN0IR0Z120141107
'Dark market' websites seized in U.S., European busts
Fri Nov 7, 2014 3:52pm EST
  AMSTERDAM/NEW YORK U.S. and European authorities on Friday announced the seizure of more than 400 secret website addresses and arrests of 16 people in a sweep targeting black markets for drugs and other illegal services.The developments were announced a day after prosecutors in New York unveiled criminal charges against the alleged operator of underground online drug marketplace Silk Road 2.0.U.S. authorities called the global sweep the largest law enforcement action to date against illegal websites operating on the so-called Tor network, which lets users communicate anonymously by masking their IP addresses.Tor, which was created by U.S. Navy researchers to protect the anonymity of national security communications, is used by human rights activists, criminals and others looking to evade surveillance.Europol, in a statement, said U.S. and European cyber crime units, in a sweep across 18 countries, had netted $1 million worth of Bitcoin, the digital currency, 180,000 euros in cash, silver, gold and narcotics. The more than 400 websites and domains seized on Thursday existed on the Tor network and were used by dozens of online marketplaces where such things as child pornography, guns and murder-for-hire could be purchased, authorities said.Sixteen people operating illegal sites were arrested in addition to the defendant in the Silk Road 2.0 case, Europol added, without specifying the charges."As illegal activity online becomes more prevalent, criminals can no longer expect that they can hide in the shadows of the 'dark web,'" Manhattan U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara said in a statement. On Thursday, U.S. authorities said they had shut down Silk Road 2.0, a successor website to underground online drugs marketplace Silk Road.Blake Benthall, the alleged operator of Silk Road 2.0, was arrested and charged with conspiracy to commit drug trafficking, computer hacking, money laundering and other crimes.Troels Oerting, head of Europol's cybercrime center, said the operation knocked out a significant part of the infrastructure for illegal online drugs and weapons trade in the countries involved. "We have also hit services on the Darknet using Tor where, for a long time, criminals have considered themselves beyond reach," he said. "We can now show that they are neither invisible nor untouchable."The websites had complete business models, Oerting said, and displayed what they sold, including drugs, weapons, stolen credit cards."People paid, and they delivered by the mailman," Oerting said. "There was even a ranking system for reliable suppliers." (Reporting By Anthony Deutsch and Nate Raymond; Editing by Susan Fenton and Steve Orlofsky)
Anthony Deutsch and Nate Raymond
133
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/03/30/markets-global-idUSL6N0WW2GM20150330
GLOBAL MARKETS-European, Asian shares rise, helped by China stimulus hopes
Mon Mar 30, 2015 7:58am EDT
  (Adds U.S. stock futures)* Shanghai, Hong Kong stocks lead on stimulus hopes* European tech shares up after Wall St rally* Dollar broadly higher, U.S. stocks set to inch up* U.S. jobs data loom at end of holiday-shortened weekBy Patrick GrahamLONDON, March 30  (Reuters) - Shares rose on Monday with Asian stocks buoyed by hopes for stimulus to boost China's economy, but the euro slipped on renewed concern about Greece's finances.In Europe, a rally in technology shares, tracking Friday's surge in the U.S. tech sector, helped equities bounce back from losses last week, although Athens' stock market was down on uncertainty over whether the country will be able to reach an agreement with its creditors.Germany's DAX index rose 1.5 percent, Paris gained 1.2 percent, and the overall FTSE Eurofirst index of 300 leading European companies was up by 1.1 percent. Futures also pointed to some more cautious gains for the main U.S. indices.Earlier, Chinese stocks surged to seven-year highs, helped by Beijing's unveiling of an ambitious plan to build a modern Silk Road to Europe and Africa and comments from People's Bank of China Governor Zhou Xiaochuan that added to expectations of more monetary policy easing.Analysts say investment in the "One Belt, One Road" infrastructure initiative this year alone could reach 300 billion to 400 billion yuan ($48-64 billion)."China's economy is under relatively big downward pressure, and the government is struggling to meet the 7 percent growth target this year," said Alex Kwok, Hong Kong-based strategist at China Investment Securities (HK). "So Zhou's comment sends a strong signal of more easing policies ahead." Shanghai shares were up another 2.5 percent on Monday, the market's best day since the middle of January.Helped by the creation last year of a new link with the Hong Kong market which allows foreign money to flow in far more easily, Shanghai's main index is trading at its highest since before the global financial crash of 2008.The link also allows the huge cash reserves China has built up in two decades of constant growth to start flowing the other way, and China's decision to allow mutual funds to buy Hong Kong stocks helped drive a 3 percent surge in values of Chinese companies listed there. GREEK WORRIESThe euro fell half a percent, hurt by uncertainty over whether Greece and its creditors can strike a deal that helps Athens secure funding before it runs out of cash by April 20.Talks continued through the weekend on a Greek list of planned reforms to unlock loans, but the lenders said it could take several more days before a proper list was ready.The dollar has also had its weakest fortnight since the start of a rally which many major banks believe will soon take it past parity against the euro. It was 0.6 percent stronger against the euro at $1.0815 on Monday and up similarly against the yen and a basket of currencies."Given the Greek uncertainty and the bias for more monetary injection through asset purchases by the European Central Bank, the path for least resistance is a lower euro/dollar," said Jeremy Stretch head of currency strategy at CIBC World Markets.Like others, however, he said that the wait for U.S. jobs numbers on Friday might keep a lid on market volatility."Unless the euro drops below $1.0770 we could see ranged trading, but with the Fed still looking to raise rates, we could see conditions which are more helpful for overall dollar strength," he said.Oil prices fell on rising expectations that Iran and six world powers could reach a deal over Tehran's nuclear programme, which could bring an end to sanctions and allow an increase in Iranian oil exports.    (Additional reporting by Anirban Nag and Alistair Smout in London, Samuel Shen and Pete Sweeney in Shanghai; Editing by Hugh Lawson)
None
134
http://www.reuters.com/article/slideshow/idUSKCN0JB2E920141128
135
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/04/15/us-currency-bitcoin-london-insight-idUSKBN0N622320150415
London stakes its claim as global bitcoin hub
Wed Apr 15, 2015 1:17pm EDT
  LONDON London, center of the $5-trillion-a-day global currency market, now wants to be home to a controversial upstart - bitcoin.British authorities have come out in support of digital currencies in the name of promoting financial innovation, while proposing that regulations should be drawn up to prevent their use in crime.But it is technophiles who are leading the drive to make London a real-world hub for trade in web-based "cryptocurrencies", of which bitcoin is the original and still most popular.Every Tuesday evening in a trendy cafe in London's Shoreditch neighborhood, a group of digital currency enthusiasts gathers to discuss ideas, "vape" from e-cigarettes and exchange their pounds for bitcoins in a dedicated "ATM".With more than 2,200 members, CoinScrum, run by a former derivatives trader who left the world of traditional finance to work on a digital currency start-up, is the biggest bitcoin networking group in the world. Its meetings draw a mostly young, mostly male crowd - some amateurs, others who have come to Britain to start bitcoin businesses. Already the capital of traditional currency trading, London is competing with San Francisco's web expertise and New York's financial clout as it pushes to be the foremost financial technology - or fintech - center in the world.Last month the British government announced plans to regulate digital currency exchanges to prevent their use in money-laundering, and to help to develop a set of standards for cryptocurrencies.Backers of bitcoin praised this for lending legitimacy to the currency - which unlike traditional money has no printed form and remains outside the control of central banks - without stifling innovation."London has been the home of financial innovation for hundreds of years," said Nicolas Cary, co-founder of Blockchain, which provides bitcoin data and "wallet" software for storing the currency. "It would be a historical mistake not to make this the home of digital currencies. There's an incredible amount of talent and experience here." Just over 14 million bitcoins are in circulation, worth  around $3.1 billion at the current exchange rate of around $220 each.Bitcoin brought 29-year-old Cary to Britain two years ago from Denver, Colorado. He joined forces with Ben Reeves, then a 22-year-old computer science graduate, to develop the Blockchain wallet, spending the first year working out of a two-bedroom apartment in northern England. Now Blockchain, named after the technology behind bitcoin, is the world's biggest wallet provider, with over 3 million users. Last year it raised over $30 million in its first round of funding, including from billionaire Richard Branson.      POSITIVE ATTITUDEWhile some people argue that London lags New York overall as the center for traditional finance, many say the latter's attitude to digital currencies - including a state plan to impose a "BitLicense" on bitcoin start-ups - makes London more attractive for the growing number of businesses dealing in the budding technology."What we see in the UK ... is a different attitude," said Jerry Brito, executive director of Coin Center, a Washington DC-based non-profit advocacy group for digital currencies. "It's a very positive attitude, one of: this is an amazing innovation, we're going to have to have some kind of regulation in terms of money laundering, but let's do this in a constructive way, in partnership with the technologists and the industry."Detractors worry that digital currencies make it easy for users to buy products anonymously from websites like Silk Road, an underground marketplace for drugs and other illegal goods which was shut down in 2013.But advocates argue that using cash for illicit trades is easier and less traceable, pointing out that most U.S. banknotes are contaminated with cocaine. Asked about bitcoin, the governing body for the City of London financial district said authorities needed to be "alive to the potential risks and take strong action if they find evidence of abuse or criminal activities". But the employment and growth opportunities offered by the fintech in general were to be welcomed, it said. Britain made bitcoin trading exempt from value-added tax last year. Other countries have yet to decide how to tax bitcoin, since its independence from any central bank means it does not fall into the traditional definition of money. However, Australia has made bitcoin transactions subject to goods and services tax. That helped to drive CoinJar, an Australian company that allows users to buy, sell and spend bitcoins, to move its headquarters to London last December. INVESTMENTLater this month Swiss banking giant UBS will open a technology lab in London to explore the wider application of the technology in the financial services industry. Finance minister George Osborne has said he wants Britain to lead the world in developing fintech, highlighting the potential of digital currencies.  Last year investment in fintech firms in Britain and Ireland more than doubled compared with 2013, to $623 million, representing 42 percent of such investment in Europe, according to consultancy Accenture.Alongside the new regulation and standards, the British government promised an additional 10 million pounds ($15 million) for a research initiative that will look into the blockchain technology behind digital currencies. It is the blockchain - essentially a ledger of every bitcoin transaction that is virtually impossible to tamper with - that the Bank of England has also said could be revolutionary. Central banks, it has said, could eventually issue digital currencies of their own. Dozens of others have copied this technology to set up their own digital currencies, though none has so far managed to knock bitcoin off the top spot. TANTRIC MASSAGELondoners can change cash for bitcoins at seven ATMs in the capital, and use them to pay for anything from tantric massage to a designer dress, a pork chop to a pint of beer. One company even allows rent on property to be paid in bitcoin. Back in the trendy "Vape Lab" e-cigarette cafe, one young bitcoiner was putting 800 pounds' worth of 20 pound notes into a bitcoin ATM in exchange for the digital currency. "I just sell bitcoin to others, because they don't know how to do it, so I take advantage of that and I make a profit," he said. ($1 = 0.6774 pounds) (editing by David Stamp)
David Stamp
136
http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/02/25/silkroad-ipo-idUSL1N0BMBLY20130225
Workday competitor SilkRoad selects banks for IPO -sources
Mon Feb 25, 2013 7:25am EST
  Feb 25 Human resources software company SilkRoad has selected JPMorgan Chase & Co and Piper Jaffray Cos  to lead an initial public offering later this year, according to two sources with knowledge of the matter.The Chicago-based company is hoping to piggy-back on the IPO of peer Workday Inc, which raised $637 million in October. Shares of Workday, which priced its offering at $28 per share, have nearly doubled since then to close Friday at $55.25.JPMorgan declined to comment. SilkRoad and Piper Jaffray could not be reached for comment. SilkRoad, which also competes with Oracle Corp and SAP AG, hopes to be the latest in a slew of IPOs from cloud-based companies, which let customers access their data and computing power from remote servers.Last year, IPOs from cloud-based companies besides Workday included ServiceNow Inc, Demandware Inc and Guidewire Software Inc. The market for business software is expected to reach $300 billion globally by the end of 2013, according to market research firm Gartner.Founded by serial entrepreneur Flip Filipowski in 2003, the company's investors include Azure Capital Partners, Tenaya Capital and Foundation Capital. The company, which is expected to hit a run rate of roughly $70 million this year according to the sources, helps companies manage employees and other resources.The U.S. market for technology IPOs so far this year has lagged. Only one company, online money transfer provider Xoom Corp, has listed in 2013.
None
137
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/02/13/us-china-pakistan-xi-idUSKBN0LH07T20150213
China's President Xi to visit Pakistan this year
Thu Feb 12, 2015 11:30pm EST
  BEIJING China's President Xi Jinping will visit Pakistan this year in what will be the first trip by a Chinese head of state to its western neighbor in nine years, as Beijing looks to take a bigger role in South Asia.China's Foreign Minister Wang Yi made the announcement on Thursday in Pakistan's capital, where he spoke of the two countries' "all-weather" friendship.During his two-day visit to Pakistan, Wang also offered to help in mediating stalled efforts to engage the Afghan Taliban in peace negotiations, reflecting China's desire to play a more active role in a region it sees as part of its sphere of influence.Afghanistan and its Western backers have been trying to bring Taliban figures to the negotiating table to end years of war in the country. Pakistan is key to the process because of its historic ties to the Taliban leaders, who have used the Pakistani border region as a safe haven.Those concerns have become more pressing as Washington is trying to wind down the role of U.S. forces in Afghanistan, which were sent in to topple the Taliban in 2001 but have failed to end their insurgency. Beijing has its own concerns about Islamist militancy, and as one of Pakistan's chief allies, has long urged Islamabad to weed out what it says are separatists from China's western Xinjiang region holed up in a lawless tribal belt on the Pakistan-Afghanistan border, home to a mix of militant groups.Xi was scheduled to go to Pakistan last year, but the trip was postponed due to anti-government protests in Pakistan.  "Wang Yi said President Xi Jinping will make a state visit to Pakistan at the earliest possible date this year," a statement posted to the Foreign Ministry's website late on Thursday said. "This will be President Xi's first visit to Pakistan as head of state, and the first visit by a Chinese president in nine years," Wang said, adding that China and Pakistan are "iron-clad pals and true friends"."This is not a dictate from heaven nor was it achieved in a single day. It illustrates how bilateral relations have weathered the trials of history and established a high degree of mutual understanding, trust and assistance," Wang said. Since taking office in 2013, Xi has pushed the idea of a Silk Road Economic Belt that would connect China to South Asia and Central Asia with roads, railways, ports and airports.Last year, Xi visited India, Sri Lanka and the Maldives. (Reporting by Michael Martina; Editing by Jeremy Laurence)
Michael Martina
138
http://www.reuters.com/article/2012/06/25/us-india-infrastructure-expressway-idUSBRE85O19820120625
Insight: Road to nowhere: the longest expressway India never had
Mon Jun 25, 2012 5:04pm EDT
  BALLIA, India In a wheat field near the mighty Ganges river stands a cracked foundation stone surrounded by nibbling goats and farmers driving their cattle in the baking sun.Unveiled more than four years ago, it's all that remains of an ambition to build India's longest expressway, an eight-lane, 1,050-km (650-mile) road that would have run through Uttar Pradesh state and connected one of the country's most backward regions to the doorstep of the nation's capital.Supporters of the Ganga Expressway project say it would have helped transform Uttar Pradesh, India's most populous state and one of its poorest, and the lives of its 200 million people by slashing travel times and letting industry and townships sprout.But having been in and out of the headlines for years, the project has all but crumbled under the weight of political wrangling, opposition from farmers whose fields would have suffered, and a court order in 2009 stalling construction on environmental grounds."It's one of those projects that can change the development map of a region," said Gopal Sarma of the consulting firm Bain & Company."At the same time, there is the whole issue of how do you deal with people who have held onto pieces of land for literally hundreds of years, and are not really looking at compensation but are looking to continue a way of life that they have had?"The failure of the Ganga Expressway offers a snapshot of India's chronic infrastructure woes and a reality check on Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's recent promise to speed up more than 200 key projects.New Delhi has set an ambitious target to pump $1 trillion into an overhaul of infrastructure over the next five years, revamping roads, building airports and tackling endemic power blackouts. But, as the Ganga Expressway shows, such targets are all too often held hostage to harsh realities on the ground.It's also symptomatic of how, for India's leaders, political expedience often trumps the need to revive investor sentiment and growth. In recent months, one party in the ruling coalition blocked a proposal to open the retail sector to foreign investment and the government has dithered on slashing costly state subsidies on fuel, fertilizers and food."It was a very ambitious project," said a former top state official who was closely involved in the expressway proposal, speaking to Reuters on condition of anonymity. "The tragedy of the whole situation was that the politics came in."People don't know what is good for the state, good for the people, good for the country," the official added.TREACHEROUS, MIND-NUMBINGDriving across Uttar Pradesh's existing highways can be by turns treacherous or mind-numbingly slow. Cars and trucks jostle with bicycles, bullock carts, cows and goats along what are often narrow and potholed roads, gumming up traffic and prompting drivers to veer dangerously across lanes to overtake.With a creaking rail network, India relies heavily on such highways to transport goods. But their often-shoddy condition saps the competitiveness of companies and creates supply bottlenecks that have helped keep inflation uncomfortably high. The average speed of trucks travelling on Indian roads is just 35 km (22 miles) per hour, less than half the 75 km (47 miles) in the United States, according to a report by global management consultancy McKinsey and Company.The Ganga Expressway was supposed to help change all that. Conceived under Mayawati, a four-time chief minister of Uttar Pradesh with prime ministerial ambitions, the stone was unveiled with much fanfare on her 52nd birthday in January 2008.A contract to build the road was awarded to a unit of Jaiprakash Associates, a construction and infrastructure giant that also built India's Formula One track. Sameer Gaur, a top executive at the group who led the project, declined to comment for this article.Under the state government's proposal, the company was to both fund and build the project. In return, it could charge toll fares and develop potentially lucrative real estate along the road - a version of the public-private-partnerships (PPP) that cash-strapped Indian governments have pushed in the sector.But as is so often the case in India's troubled infrastructure story, one person's key development project is another person's land grab.Farmers, egged on by what was at that time the state's main opposition Samajwadi Party (SP), said the project would rob small landholders of fertile land and their livelihoods.Grumbling about inflation, power and water shortages, the farmers have scant faith in politicians and struggle to see how a massive highway running over their lands would benefit them. "The government has done nothing for us except raise prices," said one, Dinesh Rai. "We are fooled by every party that comes in.""What are we going to sell if we can't grow anything? What will we carry along an eight-lane road? Mud?" joked another, Jitender Kumar Yadav.The SP, which booted Mayawati out of office in state elections in March, called the project a conspiracy and staged protests.Ambika Chaudhary, the revenue minister in the new government, proudly told Reuters his activists, then in opposition, caused such a furor that Mayawati scrapped a planned trip to lay the foundation stone in 2008. Instead, she unveiled it at the state capital, Lucknow, and later had the stone transported to its current location."She did not dare to come to Ballia," Chaudhary said. "We protested like anything and the program was cancelled."BRAKESOfficially, the Ganga Expressway still exists on paper, but with SP in power in Uttar Pradesh, it is unlikely to be built, at least for years. Across India, poor infrastructure has helped put the brakes on the once-stellar growth of Asia's third-largest economy, which has dropped to its slowest pace in nine years, and businesses are clamoring for more policy action.Lacking the financial muscle that China has to bring its infrastructure up to speed, New Delhi has turned to the private sector to fund half of the $1 trillion target.But time after time, big investments fall prey to red tape and battles over land, stalling projects for years. Firms complain bureaucracy and corruption delay the awarding of contracts, while debt to fund new ventures is scarce and the market in which to bid for them too aggressive.As a result, New Delhi has consistently missed construction and funding targets for many sectors in recent years. Out of 583 projects worth more than 1.5 billion rupees ($27 million) each, 235 are delayed, according to the government's 2011-12 economic survey.Roads are the worst hit, although the $8 billion Golden Quadrilateral project, that links big cities New Delhi, Mumbai, Kolkata and Chennai with modern highways, has been mostly completed.Examples abound of projects hit by similar woes to the Ganga road. The KMP Expressway, aimed at slashing congestion in the capital, was meant to be completed a year before the 2010 Commonwealth Games in Delhi. Instead, land disputes and delays in obtaining clearances caused it to miss several deadlines and it is now scheduled to be finished next May.Bain's Sarma estimates that India will only achieve about $650 billion of the $1 trillion target, and that number could fall further if the government fails to lift corporate sentiment with some key policy decisions over the next 3-6 months."We still are facing huge policy paralysis to get projects moving forward. Project pipelines are slow," he said.Facing an avalanche of criticism over his government's handling of the economy, Singh has raised infrastructure targets and rolled out a system to track key projects.A senior government adviser, speaking on condition of anonymity, said the renewed push would help make individual ministries more accountable on performance, but added that he didn't "expect miracles".For now, infrastructure players will likely wait and see whether Singh can deliver on his promise of a new impetus."(We're) not too optimistic, to be frank with you, because it is not the first time that such intentions have been made public," Vinayak Chatterjee, the chairman of Feedback Infrastructure Services, told Reuters Television."But I think there is a sense of fatigue with mere announcements of targets or mere announcements of new projects."(Additional reporting by Sharat Pradhan in Lucknow and Ankush Arora in Gurgaon; Editing by John Chalmers and Raju Gopalakrishnan)
None
139
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/04/28/afghanistan-landslide-idUSL4N0XP5RD20150428
At least 52 missing, feared dead in Afghanistan landslide
Tue Apr 28, 2015 8:54am EDT
  KABUL, April 28 At least 52 people are missing and feared dead following a landslide in a remote village in northeastern Afghanistan, officials said on Tuesday.Officials in the province of Badakhshan, about 600 kilometres (373 miles) from the capital, Kabul, are arranging helicopters to fly to the village to rescue survivors, said provincial governor Shah Waliullah.Most of the 52 people reported missing by the district police were women and children, said Lal Mohammad Ahmadzai, a spokesman for Badakhshan's police chief. "We have tasked our security forces to provide any kind of support they can to help victims," Ahmadzai said by telephone. The area hit by the landslide has no paved roads and heavy snow still covers the paths to the village, officials said. Hundreds of Afghans died last May in landslides in the same province, which borders Tajikistan, leaving entire villages flattened.   (Writing by Kay Johnson; Editing by Clarence Fernandez)
Kay Johnson
140
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/05/30/us-usa-bitcoin-ulbricht-idUSKBN0OE2IR20150530
Silk Road website creator gets life term for drug plot
Fri May 29, 2015 9:31pm EDT
  NEW YORK The accused mastermind behind the Silk Road underground website was sentenced on Friday to life in prison for orchestrating a scheme that enabled more than $200 million of anonymous online drug sales using the digital currency bitcoin.Ross Ulbricht, 31, was sentenced by U.S. District Judge Katherine Forrest in Manhattan after a federal jury in February found him guilty of charges including distributing drugs through the Internet and conspiring to commit computer hacking and money laundering."What you did was unprecedented," Forrest said. "And in breaking that ground as the first person, you sit here as the defendant having to pay the consequences for that."Ulbricht stood silently as Forrest announced the sentence, which also included an order to forfeit $183.9 million.Outside of court, Joshua Dratel, his lawyer, promised an appeal, calling the sentence "unreasonable, unjust and unfair."A sniffling Ulbricht, who had admitted to creating Silk Road but denied wrongdoing at trial, told the judge before being sentenced that, contrary to what the prosecutors argued, he did not build Silk Road out of greed."I wanted to empower people to make choices in their lives and have privacy and anonymity," he said.Serrin Turner, a prosecutor, said Ulbricht was like any drug other kingpin, having fantasized about becoming a billionaire through his criminal enterprise and taking extreme steps, including soliciting murders, to protect it. "This was not some disinterested do-gooder," he added.Silk Road operated for more than two years, allowing users to anonymously buy drugs and other illicit goods and generating over $214 million in sales in the process, prosecutors said.They said Ulbricht ran Silk Road under the alias Dread Pirate Roberts, a reference to a character in the 1987 movie "The Princess Bride."The website relied on the Tor network, which lets users communicate anonymously, and accepted bitcoin as payment, which prosecutors said allowed users to conceal their identities and locations. Prosecutors said Ulbricht, who grew up in Austin, Texas, took extreme steps to protect Silk Road, soliciting the murders of several people who posed a threat. No evidence exists the murders were carried out.The online black market was shutdown in October 2013, when authorities seized the website and arrested Ulbricht at a San Francisco library.Prosecutors say Silk Road became a blueprint for other so-called "dark market" websites that allow illegal drug sales, a phenomenon law enforcement agencies continue to battle."Ulbricht went from hiding his cybercrime identity to becoming the face of cybercrime and as today’s sentence proves, no one is above the law," Manhattan U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara said in a statement. At trial, Dratel said his client had indeed created what he intended to be a "freewheeling, free market site" where all but a few harmful items could be sold.Dratel said Ulbricht handed off the website to others after it became too stressful, and was lured back toward its end to become the "fall guy" for its true operators.Ahead of sentencing, prosecutors urged Forrest to take into account how at least six people died from overdoses on drugs linked to Silk Road. The parents of two of them spoke at the hearing.One was a man who identified himself only as Richard, whose son, named Bryan B. in court papers, overdosed in Boston in 2013 using heroin authorities said was bought on Silk Road."He did not consider the impact on society of the expansion of the market for deadly drugs," the father told Forrest.Ulbricht, who appeared in court in blue jail clothing, apologized to the families, saying he never wanted to harm anyone. He said he had ruined his life."I wish I could go back to convince myself to take a different path," he said. "But I can't do that."The case is U.S. v. Ulbricht, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 13-06919.
None
141
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/04/21/netswitch-newdirector-idUSnPnbyhGT8%2B86%2BPRN20150421
Andrew "Flip" Filipowski Joins Netswitch Technology Management Board of Directors
Tue Apr 21, 2015 5:57am EDT
    Andrew "Flip" Filipowski Joins Netswitch Technology Management Board of Directors PR Newswire SAN FRANCISCO, April 21, 2015   SAN FRANCISCO, April 21, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- The Board of Directors of Netswitch Technology Management today announced the appointment of Flip Filipowski as a director of the firm, effective immediately.  Netswitch Technology Management, Inc. is ranked among the top 10% of the world's best 501 managed service providers (MSPs) for 2015 and is a leading next generation Managed Security Services company with offices in San Francisco, Chicago, Hongkong, Beijing and Shanghai. Netswitch's security services are delivered through their innovative cyber-security platform called MADROC® which uses best-in-breed analytics and detection software to help businesses defend against advanced cyber-attacks and prevent breaches. "Flip's experience, entrepreneurship and success will bring invaluable guidance and counsel to our company and we are very fortunate to have him on board," said Stanley Li, CEO and President. "This period of explosive growth will benefit from seasoned leadership and we appreciate his willingness to serve as a director."Mr. Filipowski is one of the world's most successful high-tech entrepreneurs, philanthropists and industry visionaries. Mr. Filipowski is the founder of Tally Capital, a venture capital firm focused on investing in Bitcoin, the digital currency ecosystem and is co-founder, chairman and chief executive officer of SilkRoad Equity, a global private investment firm and is also a co-founder and chairman of SilkRoad technology, a leading cloud-based human capital management software company. Mr. Filipowski also serves as chairman of InterAct911, a provider of public safety software systems to state and federal governments worldwide. Mr. Filipowski was the former COO of Cullinet, the largest software company of the 1980's. He then founded and served as Chairman and CEO of PLATINUM technology and grew PLATINUM into the 8th largest software company in the world at the time of its sale to Computer Associates for $4 billion - the largest such transaction for a software company at the time.  A recipient of Entrepreneur of the Year Awards from both Ernst & Young and Merrill Lynch, Mr. Filipowski has also been awarded the Young President's Organization Legacy Award and the Anti-Defamation League's Torch of Liberty award for his work fighting hate on the Internet."As we move into uncharted territories in privacy and crypto-security, we will become increasingly dependent upon emerging security technologies and cyber-security experts to provide protection from attacks and Internet crime," said Filipowski. "Companies with innovative platform solutions like Netswitch will play increasingly important roles in deciding the outcomes for small and medium sized businesses. I am excited to be joining their board and look forward to working with the management team to continue to create meaningful service offerings in this space." ABOUT NETSWITCHNetswitch is a global technology solutions provider, serving businesses of all sizes whose model for success relies upon secure, smoothly running, and fully integrated IT systems.Netswitch provides next generation Managed Security Services and IT Infrastructure Support in the US and Asia with offices in San Francisco, Chicago, Thailand, Beijing, Hong Kong and Shanghai.  The MADROC® Integrated Security Platform is in use at over 3,000 client sites around the world providing intrusion detection and prevention, advanced behavioral analytics, preemptive breach detection, monitored and managed web firewalls and gateways, security information and event management, managed incident response and remediation and complete audit-ready regulatory compliance.For more information, please visit us at http://www.netswitch.net/  Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20150408/197259  To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/andrew-flip-filipowski-joins-netswitch-technology-management-board-of-directors-300062609.htmlSOURCE  Netswitch 
None
142
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/05/04/pictures-report-idUSRTX1BH2E
Police brutality in Tel Aviv
Mon May 4, 2015 11:36am EDT
  Riot police battle Ethiopian Jews after a video surfaced showing policemen shoving and punching a black soldier.   
None
143
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/04/17/markets-emerging-latam-idUSL2N0XE11120150417
LatAm credits starts weaker amid softer tone in global markets
Fri Apr 17, 2015 11:10am EDT
  NEW YORK, April 17 (IFR) - Latin American credit markets were off to a weaker start on Friday, as a negative tone across global markets caused prices to drop slightly across the region.Spreads on most of the region's corporate bonds opened between 2bp and 8bp wider compared to Thursday's close, according to a corporate bond trader in New York.Bonds of Brazilian state-run oil company Petrobras were also weaker, with the 2024s and 2044s quoted at spreads of 475bp-465bp and 495bp-485bp respectively in early trading."The market is a little weaker but not blowing up," said a second corporate bond trader in New York.Among sovereigns, Venezuelan bonds opened between a quarter and half a point lower, as Brent prices hovered just above US$64 a barrel, within reach of their record high for the year.Venezuela's 2022s were quoted at 51.25-52.25 in early trading, while PDVSA's 8.5% 2017s were spotted at 74.0-74.5, according to a New York-based broker. Meanwhile, emerging market dedicated bond funds experienced US$613m of inflows in the week ended April 15, their largest in seven weeks, according to EPFR data quoted by UniCredit.Confirming a trend seen in previous weeks, investors continued to pull money out of local currency funds - which recorded weekly outflows of US$246m - and increased their exposure to hard currency funds - which recorded inflows of US$637m. Blend currency funds saw weekly inflows worth USD223m."The rotation from EM local-bond funds into EM hard-currency bond funds continues, and we think the trend will stay in place," UniCredit strategist Martin Rea wrote in a note to clients.So far this year, investors have pulled US$2.7bn out of local currency EM bond funds, while hard and blend currency funds have recorded inflows of US$2.2bn and US$1bn respectively. PIPELINEBanco de los Trabajadores (Bantrab) will hit the road next week to market a possible subordinated debt offering through Deutsche Bank. The Guatemalan bank, which focuses on payroll lending to public sector employees, will be in Santiago on April 20, in Switzerland on April 22, in New York on April 23 and in Miami on April 24. The bank carries corporate ratings of Ba3/BB- by Moody's and Fitch. ACI Airport Sudamerica, controlling shareholder of the concessionaire of Uruguay's Carrasco airport, has mandated Bank of America Merrill Lynch and Nomura to arrange investor meetings, which finished on Wednesday in London and Los Angeles.A potential senior secured 144A/Reg S deal backed by future dividends from a long-term airport concession contract may follow.Empresa Electrica Guacolda S.A. (Guacolda) has kicked off roadshows as it markets a senior unsecured 144A/RegS USD bond. The borrower mandated Citigroup, GS and Itau as global coordinators while Scotiabank is joint bookrunner.The company is in Santiago and London today and will head to Los Angeles on April 20, New York on April 21 and Boston and New York on April 22. Guacolda is owned 50% plus 1 share by AES Gener (Baa3/BBB-/BBB-), while the remainder is held by infrastructure fund Global Infrastructure Partners. Expected ratings are BBB-/BBB-.Pacific Rubiales, the largest private oil producer in Colombia, has kicked off a series of investor meetings through Bank of America Merrill Lynch, Citigroup and HSBC.The company will head to Santiago on April 30, Los Angeles on May 4 and Miami on May 6.   (Reporting by Davide Scigliuzzo; Edited by Paul Kilby)
Davide Scigliuzzo
144
http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/10/29/canada-bitcoin-atm-idUSL1N0IJ00U20131029
Bitcoin goes mainstream with ATM in Vancouver coffee shop
Tue Oct 29, 2013 6:52pm EDT
  VANCOUVER Oct 29 A silver and blue ATM, perched up next to the espresso bar in a trendy Vancouver coffee shop, could launch a new era for the digital currency bitcoin, offering an almost instant way to exchange the  world's leading virtual money for cash.The value of a bitcoin soared from $13 in January to a high of $266 in April as more businesses and consumers used them to buy and sell online. Some investors are also treating bitcoins like gold, using them to hedge against currency fluctuations and speculating on their rise.The kiosk, which looks like the average ATM but with hand and barcode scanners, opened for business on Tuesday and by mid-morning people were lined up to swap their bitcoins for cash, or to deposit cash to buy more bitcoins."It's as easy as walking up to a machine, scanning your hand, entering some cash and buying bitcoin," said Jordan Kelley, chief executive of Las Vegas-based Robocoin, the company that builds the ATMs. "With this, it's a 2-minute process. For any online exchange, it's at least two days."Bitcoins, currently worth about $210 each, can be transferred without going through banks or clearing houses, thereby cutting fees. Users can buy products and services online or in a handful of stores, including the Waves coffee shop where the ATM is.With the bitcoin ATM, users scan their hand to confirm identity, then funds move to or from a virtual wallet on their smartphone. The system limits transfers to $1,000 a day, in an effort to curb money laundering and other fraud.Bitcoiniacs, the local dealer that operates the ATM, will roll out four other kiosks across Canada in December. Robocoin said Canada was the ideal place to launch the kiosk due to a critical mass of users and less stringent oversight than in the United States, where the bitcoin trade is monitored by anti-money laundering regulators. "We think the Vancouver market is enormous and we're excited to be here," said Kelley. "By the end 2013, we'll be all over Canada. By the end of 2014, we'll be all over the world, including the United States."Bitcoin is not a recognized currency in Canada, so Ottawa's anti-money laundering watchdog, the Financial Transactions and Reports Analysis Centre, does not monitor its trade.Still Bitcoiniacs' founders say they are working with the agency to be ready for when Canada does start regulating them."We're already being proactive in our business," said Bitcoiniacs co-founder Mitchell Demeter. "We abide by any guidelines they would impose - which includes the 'know you customer' laws and anti-money laundering laws." GOING MAINSTREAMBitcoins were launched in 2008 and are traded within a global network of computers. They are not backed by a single company or government, but their release is tightly controlled, mimicking a central banking system's control over the minting of money. Bitcoins can be bought with near anonymity, which supporters say lowers fraud risk and increases privacy. But critics say that also makes bitcoins a magnet for drug transactions, money-laundering and other illegal activities.The currency's reputation took a hit this month, when U.S. regulators shut down Silk Road, an online marketplace used to buy and sell illegal drugs, and seized $3.6 million in bitcoins.But the virtual currency is gaining hold among businesses and consumers, a key step to a bigger role."I think it's definitely going mainstream," said Demeter. "I think as things progress, and the infrastructure is built, it will become easier for people to buy and sell, and so more people will start using it."In Vancouver, for example, dozens of people attend weekly bitcoin meet-ups and a member co-op is promoting the currency to a growing list of local retailers.At Waves, Vancouver resident Chung Cheong used bitcoin to pay for his mug of tea and was happy to mull over the future of the digital currency."It's been said that we're at the stage where email was in 1992," he said. "Is it risky? Sure. But look at how the Internet and email changed the world."
None
145
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/02/25/us-afghanistan-snow-idUSKBN0LT17220150225
Avalanches kill 92 in Afghanistan, humanitarian crisis feared
Wed Feb 25, 2015 9:10am EST
  KABUL More than 90 people have been killed in Afghanistan in some of the worst avalanches there for 30 years, officials said on Wednesday, with heavy snow set to last for two more days after an unusually dry winter led to fears of drought.Officials warned of an imminent humanitarian emergency in areas most severely hit by the bad weather, with snow sweeping through villages and blocking off roads."We haven't seen this much snow, or this many avalanches, for 30 years," said Abdul Rahman Kabiri, acting governor of the mountainous province of Panjshir, north of Kabul, where 92 people were killed in avalanches."If the central government doesn't provide humanitarian support, machinery and food soon, this will turn to a disaster," he said, adding that 26 people had been injured. Despite bringing misery to so many people, the snow is vital for Afghanistan, where much of the rural population dependent on agriculture relies on snow melting in the mountains to sustain crops in the spring and summer."Now we are optimistic about the agriculture situation around the country," Ministry of Agriculture spokesman Lotfullah Rashid said. "There will be snow and rain for several days, so the country won't face a lack of water during the coming year."    Farming drives the troubled Afghan economy, with about three quarters of the people living in rural areas, the U.N. Food and Agriculture Organisation estimated in 2004. Irrigation is not extensive in Afghanistan, most of which is  semi-arid, and aid efforts over the past decade or more have focused on trying to extend it, with mixed results. "If there hadn't been this much snow and rain, next year could have been a disaster," Rashid said.  (Writing by Jessica Donati; Editing by Alison Williams)
Jessica Donati
146
http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/10/08/net-us-crime-silkroad-bitcoin-idUSBRE99113A20131008
Bitcoin sinks in value after FBI busts Silk Road drug market
Tue Oct 8, 2013 9:39am EDT
  SAN FRANCISCO The price of the bitcoin digital currency dropped on Wednesday, after U.S. law enforcement authorities shut down Silk Road, an online marketplace used to buy and sell illegal drugs.The bitcoin, valued by many for its anonymity, fell to $129 from over $140 a day before, according to a website for trading bitcoins, Mt.Gox. Earlier, the currency traded as low as $110.Supporters say using bitcoins offers benefits including lower fraud risk and increased privacy, though critics argue the anonymity it offers makes the currency a magnet for drug transactions, money-laundering and other illegal activities.The digital currency's drop came after the FBI arrested alleged Silk Road owner Ross William Ulbricht, 29, known as "Dread Pirate Roberts," on Tuesday in San Francisco. Silk Road allowed tech-savvy sellers to post ads for drugs and other illegal products, which they sold for bitcoins and shipped to customers through the mail, according to the federal criminal charges filed against Ulbricht.As well as Silk Road shoppers, drug traffickers who worried about the FBI tracking them down with data confiscated from Ulbricht may account for some of Wednesday's bitcoin selloff, said Garth Bruen, a security expert at Internet consumer group Digital Citizens Alliance. "They're going to be pouring all over his records, getting subpoenas for every piece of data and account he has ever used and trying to figure out who all these different dealers are," said Bruen. "People are jumping ship."While bitcoins, which are not backed by a government or central bank, have begun to gain a footing among some businesses and consumers, they have yet to become an accepted form of payment on the websites of major retailers such as Amazon.com. The charges against Ulbricht said that Silk Road generated sales of more than 9.5 million bitcoins, roughly equivalent to $1.2 billion. There are currently about 11.8 million bitcoins in circulation.With Ulbricht's arrest, authorities said they seized $3.6 million worth of bitcoins.(Reporting by Noel Randewich; Editing by Leslie Adler)
Noel Randewich
147
http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/08/13/food-chefs-lin-liu-idUSL4N0FT15320130813
World Chefs: Silk Road journey of noodles, dumplings and family
Tue Aug 13, 2013 12:13am EDT
  TOKYO Aug 13 Jen Lin-Liu, a U.S.-born resident of China, was taking a pasta-making course in Rome when she began wondering whether the tale of Marco Polo bringing noodles to Italy from China was actually true.Her curiosity led her along the Silk Road, the ancient trade route linking Asia and Europe, eating the different kinds of pasta she found and speaking candidly with women as they cooked together in kitchens along the way.Lin-Liu, who runs a Beijing cooking school and now lives in the Chinese city of Chengdu, spoke with Reuters about noodles, dumplings and her just-published book "On the Noodle Road".Q: This got started in Italy?A: At the pasta class I was really struck by how similar the method of making fettuccine was to Chinese noodles. Not only that but there are so many shapes of noodles that I've seen across China that reminded me of Italian shapes ... A lot of the similarities were specifically things I'd seen with northern Chinese food and Italian food.In northern China they use fennel, they use a lot of eggplant, a lot of noodles. So it got my curiosity going: was there a connection between the noodles of China and pasta in Italy and was that myth about Marco Polo true? And if not, is there something else in its place that could explain all these coincidences?Q: What was one of the most surprising things you found?A: I found the similarities between the dumplings of the Silk Road to be the most striking element of the food - Chinese dumplings that evolved into a steamed dumpling in the Uighur community called manta, which are stuffed with either pumpkin or mutton and served with a clotted cream. Those dumplings cross over into Central Asia as pretty much the same thing.Then as you cross the Silk Road into Turkey that same dumpling is called manti. It gets substantially smaller, basically the size of the pinkie nail, and is filled with a little dot of beef and onion and cooked very quickly, served with a yoghurt sauce with a drizzle of mint oil and paprika and crushed walnuts. Delicious. Then that same dish you see in Italy, with tortellini, where they become a little bit bigger.What connected the tortellini with the Turkish manti is that I heard the same story told about those two dishes - that daughters-in-law, when they married into a family, were judged by how well they made them. The more they could fit on a spoon, the better daughter-in-law they were.Q: What impact has this trip had on your cooking and thinking about food?A: I have a much greater appreciation for certain ingredients such as Chinese chives. It was an interesting ingredient that I saw quite far along the Silk Road, all the way to Turkey. I had never really liked Chinese chives before but it was used in Uighur cooking. I saw it in Central Asia and then in Turkey. Mung beans were another one. In Central Asia they're a savory ingredient they make a kind of split pea soup with and they make a salad with it in Turkey that's similar to tabbouleh. It's interesting to see the different applications of ingredients, things that in China I would pretty much just associate with dumplings. To see them incorporated in different ways opens your way of thinking to why can't I serve this sweet or savory? Why does it have to be this one way?Q: In China, you've lived in Beijing, Shanghai and Chengdu  - can you name a food from each city that symbolizes it to you?A: Beijing, definitely dumplings. The best dumplings are the regular dumplings filled with things like pork and fennel or lamb and pumpkin. In Shanghai, they have the Shanghai soup dumplings with very thin wrappers filled with some ground pork and soup. Those are delicious. In Chengdu, if we were going to continue with the theme, they have a dish of spicy wontons - little dumplings, wontons, covered in a really spicy, sweet sesame oil, little sesame seeds sprinkled over it. They're delicious, partly because of all the wonderful sauce you get.Q: So noodles really cross boundaries.A: Yes, they can assimilate into so many different cultures, that's what's so different. They have inserted themselves into the flavours and cultures of every place they went.Samsa (Uzbek Baked Dumplings) Dough:1 cup (240 ml) cold water1 teaspoon salt2 1/4 cups flourFilling:1/2 lb (230 grams) ground beef or lamb (30 percent fat) 1 medium onion, minced1 tablespoon salt1 tablespoon ground cumin1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper1/2 cup vegetable shortening or margarine2 egg yolks, beaten1. Place the water and salt in a large bowl, add 1 cup flour. Mix thoroughly then add the rest of the flour, 1/4 cup at a time, until all the flour has been incorporated. Transfer the dough to a clean, lightly floured surface and knead for 3 to 5 minutes until soft and pliable but still a little springy. Cover with a damp cloth or wrap in plastic and let sit for at least 30 minutes.2. In a medium bowl, combine the beef or lamb with the onion, salt, cumin and black pepper. Mix thoroughly.3. Working with 1/4 of the dough each time, roll each portion into a single very thin sheet - it should be almost translucent. Smear a very thin layer of shortening or margarine over the sheet of dough and fold it in half. Repeat, folding again. Place the dough in the centre of your working surface and roll it out into a thin square. Sprinkle flour over the dough and cut into 3-inch by 3-inch (7.5 cm) squares.4. Place a dough square in the center of your palm and add about 2 tablespoons of filling. Bring one pair of diagonally opposed corners together and press to seal, then bring the other pair together and press again. Seal the dumpling completely along the edges to make a pyramid shape with a square base. Brush each dumpling with a thin layer of beaten egg yolk.5. In oven heated to 350 degrees F (180 C), bake the dumplings for 10 minutes. Then turn up the heat to 425 F (220 C) and bake for another 10 minutes. Remove from the oven and serve immediately.   (Editing by John O'Callaghan)
John O'Callaghan
148
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/03/30/markets-precious-idUSL3N0WW2WC20150330
PRECIOUS-Gold drops on strong dollar, Fed's Yellen rate hike comment
Mon Mar 30, 2015 2:46pm EDT
  * Yellen: rate hike "may well be warranted later this year"* Dollar rises vs euro, yen* Spot palladium falls to February 2014 low   (Updates prices, adds comment)By Marcy Nicholson and Clara DeninaNEW YORK/LONDON, March 30 (Reuters) - Gold fell more than 1 percent on Monday, its biggest drop in more than three weeks, as the dollar climbed on increasing prospects that the U.S. Federal Reserve may start raising interest rates this year.Chairwoman Janet Yellen said late on Friday an increase in the Fed's benchmark rate "may well be warranted later this year" given sustained improvement in U.S. economic conditions.Gold, which does not pay any interest, has benefited from a low interest rate environment and central banks' accommodative policies in the years following the 2008-2009 credit crunch. Spot gold fell as much as 1.4 percent to a one-week low of $1,182.05 an ounce, slightly cutting losses to trade down 1.1 percent at $1,198 by 2:33 p.m. EDT (1833 GMT).U.S. gold futures for April delivery dropped 1.3 percent to settle at $1,184.80 per ounce.Any hike by the Fed, which has kept rates near zero since 2008 to stimulate the U.S. economy, could further reduce demand for assets perceived as safer such as gold. "On the downside, the initial support level stands at $1,182 and then nothing stands out until $1,143," Deutsche Boerse's MNI senior analyst Tony Walters said.The metal saw month-end and quarter-end selling as it was headed for a second consecutive monthly drop in March and second straight quarterly fall.Global equity markets surged while Chinese stocks hit a seven-year high on an ambitious government plan to create a modern Silk Road. "Whenever you have roaring strong stock markets, the alternative asset and flight-to-safety factor goes away," said Bill O'Neill, co-founder of commodities investment firm LOGIC Advisors in Upper Saddle River, New Jersey.U.S. jobs data on Friday, when many will be away from their desks for the Easter long weekend, will be a major event this week and a robust report could see investors position for tighter monetary policy sooner rather than later.But analysts agree that the Fed will be anything but aggressive in its rate hike path, with many looking at the first rate increase happening in September instead of June as they predicted earlier.Spot palladium was down 1.4 percent at $739.30 an ounce, after falling 2.3 percent to $721.98, the lowest since February 2014 with traders pointing to technical selling.Spot silver fell 1.5 percent to $16.95 an ounce and platinum dropped 1.7 percent to $1,135.50 an ounce.   (Additional reporting by Manolo Serapio Jr in Singapore; editing by Susan Thomas, William Hardy and Diane Craft)
None
149
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/11/04/us-nfl-giants-idUSKBN0IO0BL20141104
Luck leads Colts to big win over falling Giants
Tue Nov 4, 2014 12:56am EST
  Indianapolis quarterback Andrew Luck threw four touchdown passes to guide the Colts to a 40-24 road win over the New York Giants on Monday and solidify their lead in the AFC South.The defeat leaves the Giants (3-5) facing the prospect of a third season without playoff action as they fell further behind Philadelphia (6-2) and Dallas (6-3) in the NFC East.The Colts (6-3) go into their bye week two games clear of Houston (4-5).Quarterback Luck delivered an interception-free performance and totaled 354 yards through the air, while veteran field goal kicker Adam Vinatieri had a four from four night."To get a win is always good, especially on the road on Monday night against a very good Giants team,” Luck told reporters."It wasn’t pretty by any means, and there are definitely things we can shore up, but good fight by the guys in a big victory. “We just buckled down and focused in (the second half) and knew if we could get a touchdown on the first drive that would be big. We just kept rolling and the defense did a heck of a job as well.”The Giants have now lost three in a row after putting together three consecutive victories.Two-time Super Bowl winning quarterback Eli Manning threw for two touchdowns and 359 yards but much of his success came late in the game when the Colts were out of sight. The Colts scored the opening touchdown when Luck hustled off the snap before the Giants could challenge the previous play and passed to Coby Fleener for a 32-yard score.Vinatieri’s boot helped the visitors to a 16-3 halftime lead and they extended that margin early in the third quarter as T.Y. Hilton scored from 31 yards from another Luck pass. Andre Williams rushed over from a yard for the Giants to give them some hope of a comeback at 23-10 down, but Luck's 40-yard scoring pass to Reggie Wayne cemented the Colts' win.Indianapolis tacked on another score when Luck threw a two-yard pass to Dwayne Allen and another Vinatieri field goal padded the scoreline to 40-10.Manning brought the Giants a degree of respectability with scoring passes to Larry Donnell and Corey Washington in the fourth quarter. (Writing by Ben Everill in Los Angeles; Editing by Peter Rutherford)
Ben Everill in Los Angeles
150
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/09/15/china-maldives-idUSL3N0RG39G20140915
Maldives gives airport contract to Chinese firm during Xi's visit
Mon Sep 15, 2014 11:41am EDT
  MALE, Sept 15 (Reuters), - The Maldives signed a deal with a Chinese firm to upgrade its international airport on Monday as Chinese President Xi Jinping toured the main island on his first trip to a region that India has long regarded as falling within its natural sphere of influence.The contract to expand Male airport has been given to Beijing Urban Construction Group Company Limited after the Maldivian government cancelled a $511 million deal with India's GMR Infrastructure two years ago.India has been concerned about growing Chinese involvement in the Indian Ocean as Beijing opens its purse strings and builds a network of ports dubbed the String of Pearls.Xi was in Male as part of a South Asia tour that will also take him to Sri Lanka and India where he will hold the first summit meeting with India's prime minister Narendra Modi. Thousands of school children in green uniforms waved the flags of China and the Maldives as Xi's convoy drove through the capital of the idyllic chain of islands."China will encourage more Chinese enterprises to actively engage in the economic transformation of Maldives," Xi said in a statement. He also enlisted Maldives' backing for his plan to build a "Maritime Silk Road" that is intended to revive a trade route running from China through southeast Asia and across tne Indian Ocean to Europe.The Maldivian government, however, did not give the Chinese  firm the right to run the airport. The islands' president Abdulla Yameen had said earlier foreign firms will not be given operational rights for security reasons. "I wish to express my sincere appreciation to President Xi for expressing China's willingness to enhance the provision of development assistance to the Maldives, especially towards mega development projects," Yameen said after talks with the Chinese leader.From economic parity in 1980, China's growth has outstripped India's fourfold and Beijing has sought to recycle some of its vast export surpluses into foreign investment in resources and infrastructure in South Asia to feed its industrial machine.But Modi has sought to claw back ground by reaching out to neighbours since he took power in May. He invited the leaders of south Asia including the Maldives to his inauguration and since then has toured Bhutan and Nepal, promising to help build their infrastructure.   (Writing By Shihar Aneez; Editing by Sanjeev Miglani and Greg Mahlich)
Shihar Aneez
151
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/10/13/us-china-xinjiang-idUSKCN0I204720141013
China court sentences 12 to death for Xinjiang attacks
Mon Oct 13, 2014 7:03am EDT
  BEIJING A court in the unruly far western Chinese region of Xinjiang sentenced 12 people to death and handed out dozens of other heavy sentences on Monday for attacks in July in which almost 100 people died.The Xinjiang government said 59 "terrorists" were gunned down by security forces in Yarkant county in Xinjiang's far south, while 37 civilians were killed in the July 28 attacks.Authorities said people had been killed when knife-wielding attackers had staged assaults in two towns.Hundreds of people have been killed in the region in the past two years, most in violence between the Muslim Uighur people who call Xinjiang home and ethnic majority Han Chinese. The government has also blamed attacks in other parts of China, including Beijing, on Islamist militants from Xinjiang.The court in the old Silk Road city of Kashgar found the accused guilty of a variety of crimes, including terrorism, murder, kidnap and making explosives, according to a statement on the Xinjiang government's news website.Aside from the 12 death sentences, 15 others were given suspended death sentences, nine got life in jail and another 20 sentences ranging from four to 20 years.All of them were Uighurs, judging by their names. The official account described how the attackers set up road blocks and dragged out some of their victims before hacking them to death.Heavy restrictions on journalists in Xinjiang, where China has attributed recent violence to Islamist separatists it says seek to establish an independent state called East Turkestan, make verifying details about incidents difficult.Earlier in the day, state television said that two "thugs" stabbed to death a policewoman in Xinjiang. The motorcycle-mounted attackers used sharp weapons to "cruelly attack and kill" the policewoman, China Central Television (CCTV) said on its official microblog.Media did not specify the ethnicity of the policewoman but judging by her name, she was Uighur. CCTV citied a colleague of the woman as saying she was two months pregnant.The attack occurred on Friday near a market in Pishan county, in Hotan prefecture. The attack on the policewoman follows the killing of a state-backed Uighur imam in July, incidents that suggest growing antagonism toward Uighurs aligned with the government. Exiled Uighur groups and human rights activists say the government's own repressive policies in the region, on the borders of Central Asia, Afghanistan, Pakistan and India, have provoked unrest, an accusation the government denies.In September, state media said police shot dead 40 rioters, some of whom were seeking to blow themselves up, after explosions in Luntai county. (Reporting by Michael Martina and Ben Blanchard; Editing by Nick Macfie)
Michael Martina and Ben Blanchard
152
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/06/28/us-bitcoin-auction-idUSKBN0F22LG20140628
U.S. auctions some 30,000 bitcoins from Silk Road raid
Fri Jun 27, 2014 8:06pm EDT
  NEW YORK The U.S. Marshals Service on Friday auctioned off about 30,000 bitcoins seized during a raid on Silk Road, an Internet black-market bazaar where authorities say illegal drugs and other goods could be bought.An online auction took place over a 12-hour period on Friday for the bitcoins, valued at nearly $17.7 million. It consisted of nine blocks of 3,000 bitcoins and one block of 2,657 bitcoins. The Marshals Service has said it would notify the winning bidders on Monday.A spokeswoman for the Marshals Service declined to say how many bids the office received. Among those who said they registered to participate in the auctions were SecondMarket and Bitcoin Shop Inc. (BTCS.PK)Silk Road was shutdown after an FBI raid in September 2013 as agents took control of its server and arrested a Texas man, Ross Ulbricht, that the authorities said owned and operated the website. The auction was for 29,655 bitcoins contained in files residing on its servers, which were forfeited in January.Chris DeMuth, a partner at Rangeley Capital who had been considering bidding, said last week the chance the Marshals Service gets the market price for the bitcoins is low."Anyone could pay market prices on existing exchanges," he said. "So the key question is how much of a discount do bidders want." The Marshals are holding about 144,342 additional bitcoins found on computer hardware belonging to Ulbricht that were subject to a civil forfeiture proceeding.Ulbricht, 30, is scheduled to face trial Nov. 3. He has pleaded not guilty to the four counts against him, including money laundering conspiracy and engaging in a continuing criminal enterprise. U.S. authorities have separately charged three men - Andrew Jones, Gary Davis and Peter Nash - in connection with their alleged roles in assisting Ulbricht in operating Silk Road.Bitcoin prices were up 3.1 percent Friday at $597.41 per coin, according to the digital currency exchange CoinDesk. (Reporting by Nate Raymond in New York; Editing by Noeleen Walder and Andre Grenon)
Nate Raymond in New York
153
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/01/16/us-usa-bitcoin-trial-idUSKBN0KP00520150116
U.S. probed Mt. Gox CEO as possible Silk Road mastermind: agent
Thu Jan 15, 2015 9:20pm EST
  NEW YORK A U.S. agent investigating Silk Road told jurors at a trial of accused operator Ross Ulbricht that he believed in 2013 that the former chief of the Mt. Gox bitcoin exchange, Mark Karpeles, may have been the mastermind behind the black market website.Questioning of Jared Der-Yeghiayan, a U.S. Department of Homeland Security special agent, showed Ulbricht's defense was seeking to cast doubts over the allegation that Ulbricht was Silk Road's operator, known as "Dread Pirate Roberts." Ulbricht's lawyer Joshua Dratel pointed to Karpeles, who was CEO of Mt. Gox. The company filed for bankruptcy a year ago after saying it lost nearly half a billion dollars worth of virtual coins."Our position is he set up Mr. Ulbricht," Dratel said outside jurors' presence. Karpeles, who was never charged, denied he had anything to do with Silk Road."This is probably going to be disappointing for you, but I am not and have never been Dread Pirate Roberts," he said in an email sent to Reuters and other media. "The investigation reached that conclusion already - this is why I am not the one sitting during the Silk Road trial, and I can only feel defense attorney Joshua Dratel trying everything he can to point the attention away from his client." Dratel, in opening statements on Tuesday, said that while Ulbricht created Silk Road, he handed it off to others and became their "fall guy."Der-Yeghiayan testified on Thursday in Manhattan federal court that as late as August 2013 he believed that Karpeles actually controlled the website, where drugs and illicit goods could be bought anonymously.Under questioning by Ulbricht's lawyer, Der-Yeghiayan said that as part of a search warrant for Karpeles' Google email account he had said there was probable cause to believe he controlled Silk Road.It was not clear from the trial how Der-Yeghiayan's views had since changed. He testified on Wednesday that an Internal Revenue Service agent had flagged Ulbricht that September as Dread Pirate Roberts’ possible alter ego.  Silk Road, which took payment in bitcoin, operated from 2011 to October 2013, generating $200 million in drug sales, prosecutors say.Ulbricht, 30, faces seven counts including operating a continuing criminal enterprise and conspiracy to commit narcotics trafficking.The investigation of Karpeles was separate from the events leading to the hacking attack on Tokyo-based Mt. Gox last year that led to its filing for bankruptcy.Der-Yeghiayan said that at the time he was investigating Karpeles, investigators theorized Silk Road was operated in part to drive bitcoin prices up. The August 2013 search warrant followed earlier grand jury subpoenas and another search warrant that Der-Yeghiayan said were issued targeting companies linked to Karpeles as part of the Silk Road probe.But in July 2013, Der-Yeghiayan, who worked in Chicago, testified that over his objections, federal prosecutors in Baltimore met with Karpeles as part of an investigation over unlicensed money transfers.Exact details of the meeting were unclear and are expected to be part of Der-Yeghiayan's testimony when trial resumes Tuesday.Dratel sought to elicit testimony that Karpeles had offered to "tell the government who he thought runs Silk Road" to avoid charges.The case is U.S. v. Ulbricht, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 13-06919. (Additional reporting by Ritsuko Ando in Tokyo and Emily Flitter in New York; Editing by Leslie Adler and Lisa Shumaker)
None
154
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/04/09/us-indonesia-election-idUSBREA380TC20140409
Indonesia election count suggests tougher ride for presidential hopeful Jokowi
Wed Apr 9, 2014 9:17am EDT
  JAKARTA Indonesia's likely next leader may have a bumpier-than-expected route to the presidential palace after early counting in Wednesday's parliamentary vote suggested his party will have to cut a deal with other parties to get him there in a July poll.Early counts by pollsters show that the Indonesian Democratic Party-Struggle (PDI-P) failed to win enough votes to nominate on its own hugely popular Jakarta governor Joko "Jokowi" Widodo for the powerful presidency.News that PDI-P did not fare as well as opinion polls predicted, even though it was still in front, put pressure on the rupiah in late offshore trading. The prospect of a Jokowi presidency has helped lift both the currency, Asia's best performer this year, and shares.In another surprise, Islamic parties looked to have picked up more support than expected. Though Indonesia is home to the world's largest Muslim population, many analysts thought Islamic parties were on the wane because of graft scandals and the greater popularity of more pluralist parties."Parliament is likely to be very fragmented because many parties have gotten a relatively big share of votes, and their bargaining power will be pretty much the same," said Philips Vermonte, political analyst at Jakarta-based think-tank CSIS."This will have a big influence on the new president because he'll have to pay attention to the situation in parliament and the many political players there."A party needs 25 percent of the national vote, or 20 percent of seats in parliament, to nominate a presidential candidate on its own. Less than that and the PDI-P will need to form a coalition with one or more of the other 11 parties in Wednesday's election to nominate Jokowi.After 80 percent of vote results were compiled by CSIS from 2,000 polling booths across the world's third largest democracy, PDI-P had just 19 percent of the vote.The election commission has not released any vote counts. The way seats are apportioned means PDI-P could still end up with enough seats to nominate a presidential candidate without being forced into trade-offs with other parties. "Now (PDI-P) will have to think harder about building a coalition," said Douglas Ramage, political analyst at Bower Group Asia consultancy."The disappointing thing for observers and investors who are looking for more certainty is that an unwieldy coalition might not give them that."But he added: "Far and away Jokowi still the most popular candidate. Some polls still saying he has 40 percent support. So it's definitely still his (presidential) election to lose."Party officials put on a brave face."Hopefully ... PDI-P will able to meet target of above 20 percent, so we can nominate Joko Widodo as presidential candidate," said Puan Maharani, daughter of party chief Megawati Sukarnoputri. The quick count also showed that the five Islamic parties in the race had won 32 percent of the vote, up from 29 percent for the eight such parties that contested the 2009 election.FEW POLICY INITIATIVESIndonesia, Southeast Asia's biggest economy, has about 500,000 polling stations and more than 186 million registered voters.Indonesia's embrace of democracy since the downfall of former authoritarian leader Suharto 16 years ago has seen four different presidents and repeated change of the leading party.Campaigning has been notable for its lack of policy initiatives to give the economy a boost. Growth is expected to be a little more than 5 percent this year, but has weakened partly on the fall in prices for commodities that still form a backbone for the resource-rich economy. Jokowi has offered little clue to his policies but his popularity rests heavily on his no-nonsense style in running the capital, demanding his bureaucrats perform their jobs properly and by focusing many policies on improving the lives of ordinary Jakartans.The two main parties behind PDI-P, were Golkar, one-time parliamentary vehicle of the long-serving Suharto, and Gerindra which is led by ex-general Prabowo Subianto.Early results suggest both will struggle to meet the threshold to contest the presidency, suggesting there will be intense horse-trading to form coalitions.Backing for the ruling Democratic Party of outgoing President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono has fallen to single digits after it was hit by a series of graft cases last year. Yudhoyono is limited by the constitution to two terms.Yudhoyono is Indonesia's first leader to be chosen by direct election."Even though we are still fixing and perfecting the system of holding these (elections), once again Indonesia can be grateful because our democratic journey is going the right way," he told reporters.Voters, nearly a third of them under 30, chose between 6,600 candidates vying for national parliament seats. Elections were also held for 19,007 provincial and district legislative assembly seats.Most Indonesians view parliament as among their country's most corrupt institutions, according to a 2013 Transparency International survey. Under the presidential system, however, the executive branch has the authority to overrule it.(Additional reporting by Anastasia Arvirianty, Fergus Jensen; Writing by Jonathan Thatcher; Editing by Robert Birsel)
None
155
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/05/26/idUSFit92373820150526
Fitch: Restructuring Plan by BOC and BOCHK Won't Have Rating Impact
Tue May 26, 2015 3:27am EDT
  (The following statement was released by the rating agency) BEIJING/HONG KONG, May 26 (Fitch) The plan unveiled by Bank of China Ltd (BOC;  A/Stable, Viability Rating of 'bb') and Bank of China (Hong Kong) Ltd (BOCHK;  A/Stable, Viability Rating of 'a') to dispose of a subsidiary and restructure  BOC's business in south-east Asia will not have material rating implications on  the credit profiles of both banks, Fitch Ratings says.  On 22 May 2015, the two banks announced their plan to dispose of BOCHK's wholly  owned subsidiary Nanyang Commercial Bank, Limited (NCB). They also announced  plans to restructure BOC's business in the Association of Southeast Asian  Nations (Asean) region and to transfer some of BOC's assets within this region  to BOCHK. NCB accounted for 14.5% of BOCHK's total assets at end-2014. The disposal will  likely enhance BOCHK's capitalisation, but the improvement could be offset by  the consolidation of some of BOC's assets in the Asean region. BOC's Fitch Core  Capital ratio was 10.3% at end-2014 and BOCHK's at 18.9%. We believe BOCHK's  capital position will remain solid, but the gap between the two banks could  narrow if the size of assets transferred to BOCHK is material.  The restructuring aims to enhance BOCHK's business and geographic  diversification. It also aims to improve BOCHK's overall competitiveness by  leveraging BOC's overseas franchise and business relationships within Asean, as  well as BOC's leading position in the cross-border renminbi business globally.  Fitch believes BOCHK's strong ties with its parent will continue to position it  as a core part of BOC group's international expansion strategy. If this  restructuring also leads to a more coordinated management structure for BOC's  offshore business, this should enhance the overall risk management framework and  better position the bank for growth. BOC's offshore business, excluding BOCHK  and NCB, is sizeable at CNY2.7trn (HKD3.4trn) at end-2014, compared to BOCHK's  assets of HKD1.8trn without NCB. The plans are at a preliminary stage. The transactions will be conducted at  arm's length and will require approvals from both banks' shareholders and  regulatory approvals from local and Chinese authorities. BOC also said it plans to expand its overseas business to 40% of the group total  over the next five years (27% of assets and 23% of profit before tax in 2014),  possibly through mergers and acquisitions. Fitch expects BOC's overseas  expansion to further support its geographic diversification, which is currently  a rating strength for the bank. BOC's status as the largest renminbi clearing  bank globally will also benefit from the development of its overseas business.  However, aggressive growth will challenge BOC's ability to successfully  integrate and manage its overseas business. Any significant acquisitions  undertaken by BOC to expand overseas will heighten the execution risk.  BOC said that its overseas expansion will focus on growth along the "One Belt  One Road" footprint to support China's development strategy. The "One Belt One  Road" initiative is aimed at developing the economy through cooperation with the  countries along the "Silk Road Economic Belt" in Central Asia and Middle East,  as well as the "Maritime Silk Road" in Asia, Africa and the Middle East.  This strengthens and supports our view that BOC, despite being a listed  commercial bank, is still subject to the Chinese government's policy direction  and plays an important role to support the government's growth plan. This is  credit positive from a support perspective, but is credit negative from a risk  management perspective as lending decisions may be compromised to support state  policy goals.  Contact:  Katie Chen Associate Director  +86 10 8517 2135 Fitch Ratings (Beijing) Ltd.  Room 1930, 19/F, PICC Tower 2 Jianguomenwai Avenue, Chaoyang District Beijing 100022, China Ivan Lin  Associate Director +852 2263 9984 Grace Wu Senior Director  +852 2263 9919 Media Relations: Wai-Lun Wan, Hong Kong, Tel: +852 2263 9935, Email:  wailun.wan@fitchratings.com. Additional information is available on www.fitchratings.com ALL FITCH CREDIT RATINGS ARE SUBJECT TO CERTAIN LIMITATIONS AND DISCLAIMERS.  PLEASE READ THESE LIMITATIONS AND DISCLAIMERS BY FOLLOWING THIS LINK:  here. IN ADDITION, RATING  DEFINITIONS AND THE TERMS OF USE OF SUCH RATINGS ARE AVAILABLE ON THE AGENCY'S  PUBLIC WEBSITE 'WWW.FITCHRATINGS.COM'. PUBLISHED RATINGS, CRITERIA AND  METHODOLOGIES ARE AVAILABLE FROM THIS SITE AT ALL TIMES. FITCH'S CODE OF  CONDUCT, CONFIDENTIALITY, CONFLICTS OF INTEREST, AFFILIATE FIREWALL, COMPLIANCE  AND OTHER RELEVANT POLICIES AND PROCEDURES ARE ALSO AVAILABLE FROM THE 'CODE OF  CONDUCT' SECTION OF THIS SITE. FITCH MAY HAVE PROVIDED ANOTHER PERMISSIBLE  SERVICE TO THE RATED ENTITY OR ITS RELATED THIRD PARTIES. DETAILS OF THIS  SERVICE FOR RATINGS FOR WHICH THE LEAD ANALYST IS BASED IN AN EU-REGISTERED  ENTITY CAN BE FOUND ON THE ENTITY SUMMARY PAGE FOR THIS ISSUER ON THE FITCH  WEBSITE.   
None
156
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/01/12/us-usa-bitcoin-trial-idUSKBN0KL0AW20150112
Accused Silk Road creator goes to trial amid U.S. scrutiny of bitcoin
Mon Jan 12, 2015 4:05pm EST
  NEW YORK A U.S. crackdown on use of the digital currency bitcoin for drug trafficking and other crimes is headed for its highest-profile test yet, as a trial begins for the alleged creator of an online marketplace catering to vice.Jury selection is scheduled for Tuesday in Manhattan federal court in the case of Ross Ulbricht, who authorities say created Silk Road, an online black market where drugs and others illegal goods could be bought anonymously using bitcoins.The trial, expected to run for up to six weeks, will cast a spotlight on the dark side of virtual currencies and so-called Darknet markets where illicit goods can be secretly bought.Ulbricht, 30, has never conceded creating Silk Road and has pleaded not guilty to seven counts including operating a continuing criminal enterprise and conspiracy to commit narcotics trafficking.Prosecutors say Ulbricht took extreme steps to protect Silk Road, soliciting the murder of six people who posed a threat. No evidence exists the murders were carried out.The former Eagle Scout faces up to life in prison if convicted. His supporters include bitcoin enthusiasts and libertarians, who call the case an attack on Internet freedom."It's not just about one man and one family, but it's something that will impact law going into the 21st Century," Lyn Ulbricht, his mother, told a libertarian gathering in June.Joshua Dratel, his lawyer, declined comment. 'ECONOMIC SIMULATION'Silk Road operated from at least January 2011 to October 2013, authorities say, generating sales of $1.2 billion and commissions of $80 million by the time the FBI seized it and arrested Ulbricht.Prosecutors say Ulbricht ran it as the "Dread Pirate Roberts," an alias borrowed from a character in the 1987 movie "The Princess Bride." The website relied on the so-called Tor network, which lets users communicate anonymously.The website was created after Ulbricht, a Texas native with a bachelor's degree in physics, left graduate studies at the Pennsylvania State University in 2010. On LinkedIn, Ulbricht wrote that his goals had "shifted" and he was now "creating an economic simulation to give people a first-hand experience of what it would be like to live in a world without the systemic use of force."Prosecutors say the "economic simulation" was Silk Road, which made him rich: From his laptop, the government seized 144,336 bitcoins that on Friday were worth $41.2 million.While Ulbricht was charged in a separate case in Maryland over an alleged murder-for-hire plot, the New York indictment does not have substantive charges regarding them.    U.S. District Judge Katherine Forrest, who is presiding over the case in Manhattan court, has said she will allow prosecutors to present evidence on allegations Ulbricht ordered killings to defend his business. NEW MARKETS While Silk Road's takedown marked a high point in efforts to disrupt illegal Darknet market activity, law enforcement continues to wrestle with it.Similar websites have since emerged, and by December they had 78 percent more drug listings since Silk Road's seizure, according to Internet safety nonprofit Digital Citizens Alliance.Among the new websites was one under Silk Road's name, leading to charges in November against alleged creator Blake Benthall amid a broader U.S. and European seizure of dozens of websites.Even then, the bust did not shutter larger websites like Evolution, which unlike Silk Road also sells weapons and stolen credit cards, the Digital Citizens Alliance says.Manhattan U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara, whose office is prosecuting Ulbricht, compared it to "a game of Whac-A-Mole" but said that did not mean giving up."The best way to go about it is to keep at it," he said. "Ultimately you have the deterrent effect, because people realize, 'We can't change our ops enough not to get caught.'" (Reporting by Nate Raymond in New York; Additional reporting by Aruna Viswanatha in Washington; Editing by Noeleen Walder, David Ingram and Andrew Hay)
Nate Raymond in New York
157
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/03/30/us-usa-justice-bitcoin-theft-idUSKBN0MQ1UF20150330
Former U.S. agents charged for bitcoin theft during Silk Road probe
Mon Mar 30, 2015 5:14pm EDT
  The U.S. Justice Department announced charges on Monday against two former federal agents accused of stealing the digital currency bitcoin during the investigation of the underground drug marketplace Silk Road.Carl Force, a former Drug Enforcement Administration agent, and Shaun Bridges, a special agent with the Secret Service, were charged in a criminal complaint filed in San Francisco federal court with offenses including wire fraud and money laundering.Silk Road was an underground website where people bought drugs and other illicit goods using bitcoin digital currency. By the time authorities shut it down in October 2013, Silk Road had generated around $200 million in sales, prosecutors said.Authorities said it was operated by Ross Ulbricht, 30, under the alias "Dread Pirate Roberts." A federal jury in Manhattan found Ulbricht guilty in February of charges including conspiracy to commit drug trafficking and money laundering.Force, 46, and Bridges, 32, belonged to a Baltimore-based federal task force investigating the Silk Road. Force had a prominent role in the probe, authorities said, as he was the lead undercover agent in communication with Ulbricht. But prosecutors said while Force spoke with Ulbricht using an officially sanctioned alias, he also created unauthorized online personas to communicate with "Dread Pirate Roberts."Using those aliases, Force extorted $250,000 from Ulbricht and later offered to sell him information about the government's investigation for $100,000, the complaint said.Prosecutors said Force also stole $90,000 worth of bitcoins that Ulbricht paid him in under an officially sanctioned alias used for the undercover investigation. Authorities said Bridges, 32, meanwhile diverted to his personal account over $800,000 worth of bitcoin that he controlled during the Silk Road investigation.Force was arrested in Baltimore on Friday and appeared in court there on Monday. Bridges surrendered on Monday and was released after appearing in court in San Francisco.Joshua Dratel, Ulbricht's lawyer, in a statement on Monday said that prosecutors only revealed information about the "monumental scandal" five weeks before trial after keeping the investigation secret for nine months. "It is clear from this complaint that fundamentally the government's investigation of Mr. Ulbricht lacked any integrity, and was wholly and fatally compromised from the inside," Dratel said.Steven Levin, a lawyer for Bridges, said he maintains his innocence. Ivan Bates, Force's attorney, did not respond to a request for comment.The case is U.S. v. Force, U.S. District Court, Northern District of California, No. 15-mj-70370. (Reporting By Nate Raymond and Lisa Lambert; Editing by Emily Stephenson and Cynthia Osterman)
Nate Raymond and Lisa Lambert
158
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/08/06/punjab-nat-bk-sale-idUSL4N0QC1YP20140806
Baring, GIC in talks to buy stake in Indian mortgage lender-sources
Wed Aug 6, 2014 2:34am EDT
  MUMBAI Aug 6 Baring Asia and Singapore's GIC are in separate talks to invest about $175 million to buy the 49 percent stake in India's PNB Housing Finance Ltd currently held by investment firm New Silk Route, two people with knowledge of the matter said.The deal could be finalised in about a month if the talks succeed, the people said. They declined to be identified as the negotiations were still private.PNB Housing Finance is a domestic mortgage lending unit of state-run Punjab National Bank, which holds the remaining 51 percent stake. "New Silk Route is in talks with multiple parties including Baring Asia for the exit," one of the sources told Reuters. Baring Private Equity Asia and New Silk Route Growth Capital declined to comment. GIC did not immediately respond to a Reuters query. New Silk Route first invested in the mortgage lender in 2009 by picking up a 26 percent stake, and it later increased the holding to 49 percent.One of the two sources estimated New Silk Route's two-tranche investment at 2 billion Indian rupees ($32.62 million). (1 US dollar = 61.3150 Indian rupee)   (Reporting by Indulal PM and Abhishek Vishnoi; Additional reporting by Saeed Azhar in Singapore; Editing by Rafael Nam and Miral Fahmy)
Indulal PM and Abhishek Vishnoi
159
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/02/10/silk-road-medical-idUSnPng2NCP%2B47%2BPRN20150210
Silk Road Medical Announces FDA 510(k) Clearance of the ENROUTE® Transcarotid Neuroprotection System
Tue Feb 10, 2015 8:00am EST
    Silk Road Medical Announces FDA 510(k) Clearance of the ENROUTE® Transcarotid Neuroprotection System Novel system to protect against stroke via direct carotid access and robust blood flow reversal initiates a new era in carotid revascularization PR Newswire SUNNYVALE, Calif., Feb. 10, 2015   SUNNYVALE, Calif., Feb. 10, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Silk Road Medical, Inc., a pioneer in the development of transcarotid therapies for intra and extracranial vascular diseases, announces the company has received Food & Drug Administration (FDA) 510(k) clearance for its ENROUTE Transcarotid Neuroprotection System (NPS).  The ENROUTE Transcarotid NPS is a first in class system used to directly access the common carotid artery and initiate high rate temporary blood flow reversal to protect the brain from stroke while performing carotid angioplasty and stenting (CAS)."The ENROUTE technology enables a true hybrid procedure offering the best of both worlds – the critical protection against peri-procedural stroke we've achieved with carotid endarterectomy (CEA) with the ability to reduce surgical complications using minimally invasive endovascular techniques (CAS)," said Dr. Manish Mehta, Professor of Surgery at Albany Medical College and an Investigator in the ROADSTER trial. "It is also a quick, efficient procedure which can be performed under local anesthesia with minimal scarring, which is highly beneficial for both the patient and the operator."  Richard Cambria, MD, Chief of the Division of Vascular and Endovascular Surgery at Massachusetts General Hospital and the National Co-Principal Investigator of the ROADSTER trial along with colleague Christopher Kwolek, MD, commented: "We continue to operate on high surgical risk patients because transfemoral CAS has shown excess peri-procedural stroke risk.  With the ENROUTE Transcarotid NPS, we now have CEA-like neuroprotection and a simplified procedure that can fulfill the promise of CAS." The FDA cleared the ENROUTE Transcarotid NPS based in part on the results of the ROADSTER trial, which achieved a 30 day stroke rate of 1.4% in the pivotal cohort, the lowest to date for any prospective trial of CAS. There were no major strokes and there were no strokes in important high risk subgroups, including the elderly (age ≥75), women, and symptomatic patients. "Clearance of the ENROUTE Transcarotid NPS is a result of the dedication of the ROADSTER investigators to their patients, the highly collaborative interaction with our colleagues at the FDA, and the hard work of our employees," said Ric Ruedy, Executive Vice President for Clinical, Regulatory and Quality. Silk Road Medical has also submitted a Premarket Approval (PMA) application for the ENROUTE Transcarotid Stent System (Stent), which is an optimized stent delivery system designed for use with the ENROUTE Transcarotid NPS. "With clearance of the ENROUTE Transcarotid NPS in hand, we are on the eve of commercialization in the United States.  Severe carotid artery stenosis is one of the last frontiers in vascular disease that is still treated primarily by an open surgical approach.  We look forward to bringing our less invasive, surgically-inspired ENROUTE Systems to market for vascular specialists and their patients," said Erica Rogers, Chief Executive Officer.About Silk Road Medical Silk Road Medical, Inc. is a private company located in Sunnyvale, CA, that develops and manufactures less-invasive medical devices intended to improve the treatment of intra- and extra-cranial cerebrovascular disease through proprietary transcarotid therapies.  Detailed information about Silk Road Medical can be found at www.silkroadmed.com.  Silk Road and ENROUTE are registered trademarks of Silk Road Medical, Inc.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/silk-road-medical-announces-fda-510k-clearance-of-the-enroute-transcarotid-neuroprotection-system-300033527.htmlSOURCE  Silk Road Medical, Inc. 
None
160
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/05/28/ca-silkroadmedical-vp-idUSnPn1TWrM1%2B9a%2BPRN20150528
Silk Road Medical Appoints Andrew Davis as Executive Vice President of Global Sales
Thu May 28, 2015 8:00am EDT
    Silk Road Medical Appoints Andrew Davis as Executive Vice President of Global Sales Medical device sales leader to launch new procedure, TCAR, to treat patients at risk for stroke with carotid artery disease. PR Newswire SUNNYVALE, Calif., May 28, 2015   SUNNYVALE, Calif., May 28, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Silk Road Medical, Inc., a pioneer in the development of transcarotid therapies for intra and extracranial vascular diseases, announces the appointment of Andrew (Andy) Davis to the position of Executive Vice President of Global Sales. In this new role, Andy will assemble a sales organization and lead the company's commercialization efforts for the TransCarotid Artery Revascularization (TCAR) procedure with the ENROUTE® Transcarotid Neuroprotection System (NPS) and the ENROUTE® Transcarotid Stent System.Prior to joining Silk Road Medical, Andy was the Vice President of Sales and Marketing at Acelity's Advanced Wound Therapy Group and previously held Vice President of Sales positions for Medtronic's CoreValve, Endovascular, Peripheral and Spinal/Biologics divisions. He has over 20 years of experience in the medical device field with deep expertise in launching innovative, minimally invasive therapies that increase patient access and solve unmet clinical needs in cardiovascular diseases historically treated with invasive surgical approaches."Andy is the ideal sales leader to help Silk Road redefine carotid artery revascularization and realize its mission to beat stroke and its devastating effects on patients, families and society," said Erica Rogers, Chief Executive Officer. "Andy's deep knowledge of endovascular surgery, extensive relationships, and track record of success will be incredibly valuable to our team as we commercialize in the US and beyond." "Silk Road has completely changed the way we think about treating carotid artery disease," said Davis. "There are known and sometimes severe complications with open carotid surgery, and transfemoral carotid stenting with current technology actually increases the stroke risk. TCAR is a clinically proven game-changer, as demonstrated by the ROADSTER trial, with the clear potential to become standard of care."About TCAR with the ENROUTE Transcarotid Neuroprotection and Stent System: The ENROUTE Transcarotid NPS is a first in class system used to directly access the common carotid artery and initiate high rate temporary blood flow reversal to protect the brain from stroke while performing carotid angioplasty and stenting (CAS) with the ENROUTE Transcarotid Stent System. The TCAR procedure using the ENROUTE system is a clinically proven alternative to carotid endarterectomy (open surgery) that can be performed efficiently under local anesthesia and can significantly minimize complications, recovery time and scarring for the patient.  About Silk Road Medical, Inc.Silk Road Medical, Inc. is a private company located in Sunnyvale, CA, that develops and manufactures minimally-invasive medical devices intended to improve the treatment of intra- and extra-cranial cerebrovascular disease through proprietary transcarotid therapies. Detailed information about Silk Road Medical can be found at www.silkroadmed.com. Silk Road and ENROUTE are registered trademarks of Silk Road Medical, Inc.  To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/silk-road-medical-appoints-andrew-davis-as-executive-vice-president-of-global-sales-300089167.htmlSOURCE  Silk Road Medical, Inc. 
None
161
http://www.reuters.com/article/slideshow/idUSBREA3G26620140417
162
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/03/04/il-silkroad-idUSnBw046460a%2B100%2BBSW20140304
SilkRoad’s GreenLight® Learning Management System Now Includes KnowledgeAdvisors’ Metrics that Matter® Starter Edition
Tue Mar 4, 2014 12:24pm EST
    SilkRoad’s GreenLight® Learning Management System Now Includes        KnowledgeAdvisors’ Metrics that Matter® Starter Edition   Bundled offering to help companies measure and improve the        performance of learning programs         KnowledgeAdvisors today announced that learning industry leader SilkRoad        will be bundling the Metrics that Matter® Starter Edition into their        GreenLight learning management system (LMS).             The Metrics that Matter® Starter Edition is a simple, affordable system        designed to evaluate the effectiveness of learning programs.             “Customers who utilize the SilkRoad and Knowledge Advisors products        together will now be able to manage the performance of instructors,        improve course content, trend the job impact of courses over time, and        compare performance to other organizations in the industry who are        delivering similar types of training,” said KnowledgeAdvisors CEO and        Founder Kent Barnett.             Metrics that Matter® Starter Edition will also bring GreenLight        customers the important context of benchmarks, allowing them to collect,        store, process, and report crucial learning data—serving as a crucial        quality control mechanism for learning programs.             In addition, the integration of Metrics that Matter® Starter Edition and        GreenLight will allow companies to get rid of their paper evaluations        and generic online survey tools and move up to a sophisticated learning        evaluation tool used by the most successful training organizations in        the world.             “With powerful, built-in benchmark data, SilkRoad customers will now be        able to compare their talent investments to comparative data points in a        visual and actionable manner,” said SilkRoad CEO John Shackleton.             Clients who use both SilkRoad and the full capabilities of Metrics that        Matter® have already seen positive results through integration.             “Uncovering the ROI in our training programs has been instrumental in        their overall success. Through the GreenLight and Metrics that Matter        integration, we’re able to measure and track ROI on any given course to        determine what updates should be made or even whether a course should be        eliminated based on its impact on business results,” said Toni Thompson,        Director of Employee and Organizational Development at SwedishAmerican.       About KnowledgeAdvisors         Founded in 1999, KnowledgeAdvisors is the world’s leading provider of        analytics solutions for talent development professionals. Our        cloud-based talent analytics platform, Metrics that Matter®, helps        businesses significantly improve the business impact of their talent        development programs, and our consulting team provides measurement        strategies to help optimize investments in human capital. For more about        KnowledgeAdvisors, visit: http://www.knowledgeadvisors.com.       About SilkRoad         SilkRoad® is a leading global provider of cloud-based, end-to-end talent        management solutions that enable customers to find, attract, develop,        and retain the best talent. The award-winning SilkRoad® Life Suite®        includes Talent Acquisition, Talent Development, and HRMS solutions that        are delivered through a Talent Portal to drive greater engagement,        collaboration, and user adoption. The suite is easy to deploy, easy to        use, and affordable for businesses of every size. Visit www.silkroad.com,        follow them on Twitter @SilkRoadTweets or call 866-329-3363 (U.S. toll        free) or +1-312-574-3700.                KnowledgeAdvisorsRichard SharpSenior Director of Marketing312.498.1287rsharp@knowledgeadvisors.com      
None
163
http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/10/02/us-crime-silkroad-raid-idUSBRE9910TR20131002
FBI shuts alleged online drug marketplace, Silk Road
Wed Oct 2, 2013 2:33pm EDT
  NEW YORK U.S. law enforcement authorities have shut down "Silk Road," an anonymous Internet marketplace for illegal drugs like heroin and cocaine and criminal activities such as murder for hire, and arrested its alleged owner.The Federal Bureau of Investigation said Wednesday it arrested Silk Road owner, Ross William Ulbricht, 29, known online as "Dread Pirate Roberts," in San Francisco on Tuesday, according to court filings.Ulbricht, who holds an advanced degree in chemical engineering, appeared in federal court on Wednesday and a bail hearing was set for Friday.His lawyer Brandon LeBlanc, a public defender, declined to comment.Federal prosecutors in New York charged Ulbricht with one count each of narcotics trafficking conspiracy, computer hacking conspiracy and money laundering conspiracy, the filing said."Silk Road has emerged as the most sophisticated and extensive criminal marketplace on the Internet today," FBI agent Christopher Tarbell said in the criminal complaint.The site was used by "several thousand drug dealers" to sell "hundreds of kilograms of illegal drugs," he said.The site, which has operated since early 2011, also offered tutorials on hacking ATM machines, contact lists for black market connections and counterfeiters, and guns and hit men for sale, according to the charges.More than 900,000 registered users of the site bought and sold drugs using the digital currency Bitcoin. In recent media reports about the growing popularity of Bitcoin, the Silk Road website has emerged as part of a darker side to the use of digital currencies.Through the site, according to the charges, users could buy drugs and have them shipped to an address. Investigators, posing as regular users on Silk Road, made more than 100 purchases of drugs, which were shipped to the New York area. "DREAD PIRATE ROBERTS"According to the complaint, Ulbricht, who shortened his alias from Dread Pirate Roberts to DPR when posting on Silk Road's forums, operated the site from San Francisco.At times, he used computers at Internet cafes to access the servers running the website, which employed several technological tools to mask the location of its servers and the identities of its administrators and users.The complaint described other aspects of Ulbricht's online presence: In a Google+ profile, he described himself as a fan of libertarian economic philosophy and posted videos from the Ludwig von Mises Institute, an Auburn, Alabama-based economics institute.Reached by phone in Austin, Texas, Ubricht's parents said they had not known what their son was doing in San Francisco."He is a really stellar, good person and very idealistic," said Ulbricht's mother, Lyn Lacava. "I know he never meant to hurt anyone." Ulbricht's father Kirk confirmed his son had received a master's in material sciences from Pennsylvania State University. His thesis was titled: "Growth of EuO Thin Films by Molecular Beam Epitaxy.""He did amazing research on crystals and exotic materials they hoped would have some use for humans," Ulbricht said. "But it was very theoretical stuff."The complaint against Ulbricht describes a darker side. During one correspondence with a Silk Road user, Ulbricht tried to call out a hit on another user with whom he had a dispute. That user, known online as "FriendlyChemist," was threatening to expose the identities of thousands of Silk Road users unless Ulbricht sent him money."I wouldn't mind if he was executed," Ulbricht wrote, offering personal details about his foe, including the fact that he was a married father of three, and the names of the city and province where he lived.In a later post, Ulbricht wrote: "He is threatening to expose the identities of thousands of my clients." "This kind of behavior is unforgivable to me. Especially here on Silk Road, anonymity is sacrosanct."BITCOIN CONNECTIONDuring the raid, authorities seized $3.6 million worth of bitcoin, which was used instead of cash or credit cards to complete transactions on Silk Road.The charges against Ulbricht said his website generated sales of more than 9.5 million bitcoin, roughly equivalent to $1.2 billion.Authorities seized the currency by taking control of the digital "wallets" Silk Road used to store bitcoin.In a corresponding civil asset forfeiture action, prosecutors claimed Silk Road and Ulbricht were liable to the government for the value of all transactions involving drug tracking and computer hacking, as well as for money laundering penalties, and a final amount would be determined at trial.The raid on Wednesday was not the first time the U.S. government has made arrests related to Silk Road.Earlier this year, authorities in South Carolina arrested Eric Daniel Hughes, known on Silk Road as "Casey Jones," and charged him in state court with drug possession. The Drug Enforcement Agency seized units of bitcoin, which Hughes allegedly used to purchase drugs from the online market.Bitcoin, which has been around since 2008, first came under scrutiny by law enforcement officials in mid-2011 after media reports surfaced linking the digital currency to Silk Road.(Additional reporting by Daniel Levine in San Francisco; Editing by Jeffrey Benkoe and Bernadette Baum)
None
164
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/03/12/china-parliament-cenbank-idUSL4N0WE1TM20150312
HIGHLIGHTS-China c.bank news conference: yuan volatility acceptable
Thu Mar 12, 2015 4:33am EDT
  (Adds more comments)BEIJING, March 12 (Reuters) - China has no need to change its prudent monetary policy, and is moving to introduce deposit insurance and remove ceilings on deposit rates in 2015, central bank governor Zhou Xiaochuan told reporters on Thursday.The news conference during the annual parliamentary session in Beijing also featured comments from vice governor Yi Gang, who also heads the country's foreign exchange regulation unit under the central bank, and from Jin Qi, the head of the board at China's Silk Road infrastructure investment fund.Following are highlights:GOVERNOR ZHOU XIAOCHUAN'S COMMENTS:- China will launch a deposit insurance system in the first half of 2015- China may remove ceiling on deposit rates this year- China has no need to change its prudent monetary stance- Money supply growth is appropriate, policy adjustments have kept liquidity levels at appropriate level- Yuan volatility is normal in an open economy, choppy global environment added to yuan volatility- Not too worried about eventual U.S. rate rise, is good signal for global economy- Not seeing signs of large-scale hot money outflows, capital flight from China small compared to normal outflows resulting from real trade dealsVICE-GOVERNOR YI GANG'S COMMENTS:- China is closely watching changes in consumer and producer price inflation- Prudent monetary policy will combat falling prices- Will remain vigilant about cross-border forex flows - It's reasonable for firms to want to hold more U.S. dollars- Sees no need to change Hong Kong's dollar foreign exchange mechanism- Hopes IMF will take yuan's increasing convertibility into account when reassessing Special Drawing Rights (SDR) inclusion- No doubt the yuan will increase the SDR's relevanceZHOU'S QUOTES:"The new normal condition is not special. There are problems, so this does not necessarily require a new monetary policy formula.""The use of various tools to adjust (money supply), added after a modest growth rate of M2, doesn't change the conditions of a prudent monetary policy." "A Fed policy change could bring some opportunities for speculation but it will not pose a big threat, so we are not worried about it.""China has some financial instruments used purely for speculation so we need to strengthen regulation of speculative tools.""The likelihood of liberalising interest rates, everybody's long-awaited last step, is extremely high this year.""Inefficient use of capital is a situation the needs to be addressed." "Small and medium-sized enteprises and start-up microenterprises are at the grass roots, but grass root financial services are not good enough.""We have confidence in Hong Kong as a financial centre and their ability to manage risk."YI'S QUOTES:"This year domestic U.S. dollar deposit growth is in the hands of ordinary people, a good thing. Right now, for businesses, individuals and financial institutions to hope to hold more dollars is normal, but we will watch for signs of abnormalities.""Being included in SDRs would give China's financial reform a great boost. But when it is included, whether it should be included or not (is irrelevant); China's financial reforms process will advance regardless.""This year we will definitely launch the Shenzhen-Hong Kong stock connect programme."RELATED NEWSChina new yuan loans above forecasts in FebChina likely to ease again if inflation falls - c.bank advisorChina property sales post biggest fall in 3 yrsFeb consumer inflation rebounds but producer deflation intensifies    (Reporting by Kevin Yao and Koh Guiqing; Additional reporting by the Shanghai newsroom; Writing by Pete Sweeney; Editing by Kim Coghill)
Kevin Yao and Koh Guiqing
165
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/07/21/us-cybercrime-conference-talk-idUSKBN0FQ1QB20140721
Talk on cracking Internet anonymity service Tor canceled
Mon Jul 21, 2014 6:21pm EDT
  SAN FRANCISCO A highly anticipated talk on how to identify users of the Internet privacy service Tor was withdrawn from the upcoming Black Hat security conference, a spokeswoman for the event said on Monday.The talk was canceled at the request of attorneys for Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh, where the speakers work as researchers, the spokeswoman, Meredith Corley, told Reuters.Tor is a double-edged sword that has given dissidents living under repressive regimes a way of communicating safely. But it also has enabled criminals to take advantage of its cloak of anonymity. The Black Hat conference, one of the longest-running and best-attended security trade shows in the world, is scheduled for Las Vegas August 6-7. Corley said a Carnegie Mellon attorney informed Black Hat that one of the speakers could not give the Tor talk because the materials he would discuss have not been approved for public release by the university or the Software Engineering Institute (SEI).It was unclear what aspects of the research concerned the university.  The institute, based at the university, is funded by the Defense Department. SEI also runs CERT, historically known as the Computer Emergency Response Team, which works with the Department of Homeland Security on major cybersecurity issues.   Spokesmen for Carnegie Mellon and the Defense Department did not comment on the cancellation. One official said DHS had played no role in pulling the talk.Its abstract, titled “You don’t have to be the NSA to Break Tor: De-Anonymizing Users on a Budget,” had attracted attention within the security and privacy communities. The abstract had been published on Black Hat's website but has since been removed.The U.S. government funded the creation and much of the operation of Tor as a communications tool for dissidents in repressive countries. But Tor has frustrated the U.S. National Security Agency for years, according to documents released by former agency contractor Edward Snowden.That revelation has helped increase adoption by those seeking privacy for political reasons, as well as criminals, researchers say. Some criminal suspects on Tor have been unmasked by the U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation and other law enforcement or intelligence agencies using a variety of techniques, including tampering with software often used alongside Tor.In their now-vanished Black Hat abstract, researchers Alexander Volynkin and Michael McCord, said "a determined adversary" could “de-anonymize hundreds of thousands Tor clients and thousands of hidden services within a couple of months,” all for less than $3,000. Neither man responded to a request for comment.Their summary said they had tested their techniques and that they would discuss dozens of successes, including cases where suspected child pornographers and drug dealers had been found. In the best-known Tor case, U.S. authorities in October shut down online drug bazaar Silk Road, a so-called hidden service reachable only via Tor.Tor Project President Roger Dingledine, lead developer of the software, told an online mailing list that the project had not requested the talk be canceled. Dingledine said the nonprofit group was working with CERT to coordinate disclosure of details on the researchers' attack on the network.He also said he had questions "about some aspects of the research." In years past, other researchers studying Tor traffic have been criticized for intruding on users' privacy.  This would not be the first time a talk has been canceled at Black Hat. Presentations have been pulled from it and other conferences under pressure from software makers or for other reasons.  (Reporting by Joseph Menn; Additional reporting by Jim Finkle; Editing by Chris Reese, Jonathan Oatis and Dan Grebler)
Joseph Menn
166
http://www.reuters.com/article/2012/10/08/courtsasia-ipo-idUSL3E8L86XZ20121008
Retailer Courts Asia launches Singapore IPO to raise $112 mln
Mon Oct 8, 2012 6:53am EDT
  SINGAPORE Oct 8 Electronics and furniture retailer Courts Asia Ltd, which operates stores in Singapore and Malaysia, launched an initial public offering in Singapore to raise S$137 million ($112 million) mainly to fund its expansion in Indonesia.The listing comes after the company, a household name in Singapore, failed to list its shares in 2010 while a plan to sell the firm was also scuppered.Courts is offering 178 million shares, of which 60 million are new shares. The offer price of S$0.77 per share is at the top end of an indicative price range due to strong support from institutions, the company said in a statement on Monday. It plans to list on Oct. 15.Courts plans to use 91.3 percent of the net proceeds to tap the growing middle class in Indonesia, which it said is a large and fast-growing market that is still under-penetrated. Courts has four cornerstone investors - JF Asset Management Ltd, New Silk Road Investment Pte Ltd, Target Asset Management Pte Ltd and Value Partners Hong Kong Ltd - which have taken up 44 percent of the IPO. The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corp Ltd is the sole global coordinator, bookrunner, underwriter and issue manager of the IPO. UOB Kay Hian Private Ltd is the public offer coordinator and sub-placement agent.($1 = 1.2268 Singapore dollars)   (Reporting by Eveline Danubrata; Editing by Matt Driskill)
Eveline Danubrata
167
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/01/07/china-president-diplomacy-kemp-columnrep-idUSL6N0UL27R20150107
REFILE-COLUMN-China's Xi proves keen student of U.S. power: Kemp
Wed Jan 7, 2015 7:18am EST
  (Corrects typo in sixth paragraph)By John KempLONDON Jan 6 (Reuters) - Xi Jinping is China's first U.S.-style president.Many commentators have noted Xi is the most powerful leader since Deng Xiaoping and even Mao Zedong. But a better comparison might be with the style and powers of the American president.He wields enormous personal power, in contrast to the more collective leadership style of Hu Jintao and Jiang Zemin, has assumed an unprecedented profile abroad as the country's chief diplomat and has been heavily promoted at home as the responsible face of the party and the government.Xi is regularly portrayed in the domestic media carrying out ceremonial functions, inspecting military parades, welcoming foreign dignitaries, and demanding explanations from lower level officials in the event of disasters and political controversies such as the stampede in Shanghai at New Year, all the sorts of things that a U.S. president does.Xi's image-makers show the same obsession with controlling perceptions of the leader as the West Wing staff of President Barack Obama, presenting him as a strong, dynamic, well-informed and singular leader who takes responsibility for all decisions carried out by the party and the government in his name."He is the first leader to employ a big team to build his public profile. But he also has a flair for it - thanks to his stature, his toughness and his common touch," the Economist magazine noted last year ("Xi who must be obeyed" Sept. 20, 2014).Xi has also cultivated a distinctly presidential approach abroad. In 2014, Xi and Premier Li Keqiang - the number two in the Chinese hierarchy who combines the functions of vice-president, secretary of state and secretary of the treasury - spent a total of 85 days on high-profile visits to 30 countries across Europe, Asia, Africa, South America and Oceania.Xinhua, the official news agency, likened this flurry of top-level summits and meetings to a "Chinese whirlwind" ("China's active diplomatic posture wins global applause" Dec. 28, 2014).Putting top leaders on the international diplomatic circuit so much is no accident. "The year 2014 is a bumper harvest for China's diplomacy," Foreign Minister Wang Yi announced proudly to a year-end reception of foreign diplomats in Beijing."Aiming to build a global network of partnerships, we have established partnerships of different types with 64 countries and five regional organisations," Wang told his hearers ("Toast by Foreign Minister Wang Yi at New Year Reception for 2015" Dec. 11, 2014).The foreign minister promised that in 2015 China will continue to "actively practice a distinctive diplomatic approach befitting China's role as a major country to provide strong support for realising the Chinese dream of national renewal and make a new contribution to peace and development of the world." It has often been remarked that the United States' global network of alliances (military, diplomatic and economic) is its biggest asset as a superpower. Now China is determined to build its own diplomatic network befitting its role as what officials prefer to call a "major country" but which means a superpower.DIPLOMATIC WHIRLWINDFor the United States, presidential diplomacy has always played a crucial role in nurturing relationships and building influence abroad.Foreign leaders get carefully graduated visits from military commanders, top diplomats, cabinet secretaries, the vice-president and even the president himself to cement ties, as well as carefully controlled invitations to visit the State Department, the White House and even the Oval Office itself.China is developing a similar system. The People's Liberation Army Navy (PLAN) has started to send warships on port calls around the world. In 2014, the PLAN paid its first port call to Bandar Abbas in Iran, the first time its warships have entered the Middle East Gulf. In 2015, the PLAN will conduct joint naval exercises in the Mediterranean with Russia's navy.On the diplomatic side, lesser partners get a visit from the foreign minister. More important ones get a visit from Premier Li. And the most important ones get the full treatment with a personal visit from the Chinese president.Choreography is vitally important and the trips are stage-managed with growing care, harnessing the full resources of China's diplomatic service, domestic and foreign media to convey carefully controlled messages about China's aims and the importance of particular countries.China's leaders have developed their own foreign policy doctrines around the country's "peaceful rise", the "Chinese dream" and the "Belt and the Road" to promote a vision of peaceful economic development with China at the centre - much as the United States earlier developed diplomatic doctrines around free trade, global finance and individual freedom.White House incumbents like to have a doctrine named after them to summarise their posture and strategy in foreign affairs. Xi has developed something similar with his "Silk Road Economic Belt and 21st Century Maritime Silk Road" ("China's initiatives on building Silk Road Economic Belt and 21st Century Maritime Silk Road," Xinhua, undated).Just as the United States has used free trade agreements, military assistance, aid and lending by policy banks to reward allies and deepen diplomatic relationships, China's leaders have been busy doling out trade deals as well as billions of dollars of loans and investments to selected strategic partners in the hope of winning greater influence and support. President Xi and China's diplomatic corps seem to be consciously copying the American model of international relations, adapted to meet their own strategic priorities and resources, seeking to put China at the heart of a web of diplomatic, economic and military influence equal but different to the United States.XI WHO MUST BE OBEYEDAt home, too, China's top leader appears to have learned important lessons from the United States about the importance of very visible and singular presidential leadership.Xi has become adept at using the presidential bully pulpit to advocate a clear policy direction and agenda in a manner that would be instantly recognisable to U.S. presidents from Theodore Roosevelt (who coined the phrase) to Ronald Reagan.Even the anti-corruption campaign and the president's repeated focus on strengthening the rule of law are clearly designed to centralise political and administrative control as well as remove rivals and rebuild the party's legitimacy.Reducing corruption and strengthening the rule of law are not about making the political system more participative, let alone democratic. They are primarily focused on making the party-government system more effective, efficient and stable.In many instances during the Hu and Jiang years state enterprises, provinces and local administrations ignored directives from the top leadership with impunity. Extensive corruption, intra-party factions and weak legal controls meant that the entire party-state system was becoming increasingly unresponsive.If President Obama issues an executive order from the White House there is a fair chance it will be carried out by the federal bureaucracy. But under the collective leadership of Hu and Jiang it was increasingly unclear whether commands from top leaders would be obeyed. The party-state system was decaying from within.Xi's campaigns for more discipline, rule of law, and against factionalism are a blunt reminder to lesser officials that there are serious consequences for failing to obey instructions from above. As in foreign policy, China's internal reforms are meant to equip it with the economic, political and military decision-making structure necessary for a modern economic and diplomatic superpower.The priority is not transitioning to democracy but making the existing system work effectively, enabling it to deal with the challenges of running one of the world's largest economies and countries, as well as what the foreign minister described as increasingly close interactions with the international community.    (Editing by Michael Urquhart)
Michael Urquhart
168
http://www.reuters.com/article/2010/07/16/us-travel-aleppo-idUSTRE66F1ED20100716
Travel Postcard: 48 hours in Aleppo, Syria
Fri Jul 16, 2010 6:03am EDT
  ALEPPO, Syria (Reuters Life!) - Architectural gems spanning a sweep of human history hide behind nondescript doors in Syria's second city. Understated carpets are prized by collectors and the cuisine incorporates ancient influences from as far away as China.Subtlety is the hallmark of Aleppo, one of the world's richest historical sites whose inhabitants possess a quiet pride and a cosmopolitan culture that has survived Mongol destruction and steady economic decline.The city, built around a vast medieval citadel, was wrapped in obscurity for decades by Soviet-style policies which undermined its business classes and the city's reputation as a culinary capital of the Middle East.But the trading hub of Silk Road fame has been witnessing a renaissance lately, driven by economic liberalization and an opening toward Turkey, Aleppo's neighbor to the north.Tasteful hotels and restaurants are opening up in and around the once-walled city, itself built on layers of much older ruins. Medieval districts have been renovated with the help of the Agha Khan, and other international organizations working to save the United Nations World Heritage Site.Reuters correspondents help visitors to get the most of out of a 48-hour visit.FRIDAY3 p.m. To appreciate the task ahead, take a drink at the rooftop bar and restaurant of Mirage hotel (www.miragepalace.net), which offers unobstructed views, with the citadel smack in the middle, and the expanse of roads and construction that destroyed one fifth of Old Aleppo.But a lot remains standing, including thousands of courtyard houses, a distinctive design spread by Arab conquerors to Morocco and Spain, and around 300 bathhouses, madrassa schools, palaces, churches, mosques and khans that stud the narrow streets and alleyways of the old districts.4 p.m. Start with the citadel, preferably by hiring one of its accredited guides. Moving swiftly is key, otherwise a comprehensive tour could consume much of your stay in Aleppo.Numerous invaders, from Byzantines and Seljuks to Mamluks and Ottomans have left their architectural marks on the edifice, which traces its origins more than 2,000 years.Contemplate the artistic merits of the steel gate, the calligraphy carved in stone and the Arab military architecture. The citadel also served as seat of government and its rulers lived in style, as evident from the wood inlaid throne room.The scale is huge, but the two winged lions at the citadel's museum are replicas, originally carved in basalt and excavated by Georges Ploix de Rotrou, a 1920s French archaeologist who ran out of time and money to uncover the 500 sq meter (5,400 sq ft) Hittite Temple of the Storm God hidden under the citadel.Ploix de Rotrou suspected hidden treasures but he did not live long enough to see a German team 90 years later revealing the full glory of the temple, which is closed to the public.A guide, however, may be able to get you in, as well as to the rest of the citadel's secrets, such as the Ayyubid cistern. Ain Dara, another magnificent Hittite temple 60 km (40 miles) north of Aleppo which overlooks Turkey, might be easier to access.8 p.m. Hunger may have crept in after roaming through the citadel. Qasr al-Wali in the Christian district of Jdiedeh counts green pepper salad and stuffed grape leaves among its specialties.It also does kebbah, a mixture of minced onion, bulgur, lamb and sun-dried chili paste, but not all 40 varieties Aleppans make are on the menu. The idea for the cherry kebab came from exposure to sweet and sour cuisine, back in the days when Aleppo traded with China.For accommodation try al-Mansouriya (www.mansouriya.com), a 16th century palace near Bab Qinnisreen, one of the city's best preserved gates. Its nine suites are pricey, but arguably there is no higher luxury this side of Marrakesh. The annex at Dar Zamaria (www.darzamaria.com) is also nice.Hotel Baron (+963 21 2110880) on Baron street compensates for luxury by character, including the 1914 bill for Monsieur Lawrence (of Arabia) on display, which the Englishman had paid, contrary to rumors.A drink at the Hotel Baron bar, where the who's who of the Middle East used to gather, is a must. Cilicia (www.newcilicia.com) in the renovated Christian quarter is a no frills hotel.SATURDAY9 a.m. A hearty breakfast may be needed for the dense day ahead, and sweets chain Mahrousa sells the traditional Aleppan breakfast of mamounieh, which is made from water, sugar, ghee butter and semolina. 10 a.m. Have a stroll through the Grand Mosque. Hali, the British carpet and Islamic art magazine, recently pointed to the mosque's green and blue Islamic ceramic tiles as a fine example, which rivals the tiles from Iran and Turkey, and incorporates influences from both.In keeping with Aleppo's character, the tiles are used sparingly. Important examples also survive at al-Khosrowiya Mosque, built by Ottoman architect Sinan, and at Beit (house) Janblat.11 a.m. The mosque borders the 7 km (5 mile) covered labyrinth souks, and antique dealers there hardly come as experienced as those at Musafi al-Asal (+963 21 3621137).An Esfahan carpet could set you back tens of thousands of dollars. But check out tribal kilims (rugs) from Ifrin, the Kurdish region to the north of Aleppo, where households used to produce different style kilims to match the occasion, such as gifts for newborn babies.Bridal kilims and ones that were ordered by notables are more sophisticated. The weaving became extinct in Ifrin decades ago and subtle colors add a premium to the asking price.Aleppo also used to produce carpets made at professional workshops, and those have become even rarer.1.00 p.m. Not far from the souks is Maristan Arghun al-Kamili, an asylum from the Mamluk era, where inmates were chained in the their cells until 100 years ago, according to Ross Burns, author of the indispensable "Monuments of Syria." 2.00 p.m. A kebab is what you need and Hagoub (+963 212111949) behind Hotel Baron serves up a mean one. The restaurant has kept its Armenian name, although the ownership has changed and the staff are now Kurdish, reflecting Aleppo's changing demographics.Another suggestion, but not for the faint-hearted, is Abu Nabhan, an Aleppo institution in the Khan al-Wazeer that does grilled or fried liver, called melak mutajan, the same phrase Aleppans use to describe a "heavy blooded" (overbearing) person.3 p.m. Aleppo is famous for laurel soap, and several families still manufacture it the same way they did hundreds of years ago, without chemicals.Visit the workshop of Sons of Ahmad Musbah Zanabili (+963 21 3333118), who export most of their high end output and rarely sell on the local market. Prices vary from $2 to $10 per kg according to purity and how much laurel oil is used versus olive oil. Sultana (+963 944 332299), an upscale shop at Sahet al-Hatab in Jdeideh, adds jasmine oil to the mix.If you're feeling peckish it's time for another Aleppo specialty. Try Zaatar, a thyme mix eaten by dipping it with bread in olive oil. Qubrusi (+963 21 3336836) near Bab Qinnisreen is a favorite among locals, but ask him not to put in too much sesame.8 p.m. Time for dinner. Zomorrod in Jdeideh is architecturally distinctive. Wannes in Azizieh has more of a laid-back feel to it and sidewalk tables. Another option is the grand Aleppo Club, which has live song and dance on weekends in keeping with the city's musical traditions.Leading Arab composers and singers, such as Egypt's late Abdelwahab, needed to perform in Aleppo and receive marks of approval before they could be considered top notch.SUNDAY9 a.m. How about a morning scrub at one of Aleppo's traditional baths? Service at the 12th-13th century Hamam al-Nahhasin receives good reviews.Take a leisurely walk to look at the surrounding buildings, such as the small caravanserai opposite, but leave time for the Aleppo National Museum and a first hand appreciation of Syria as the crossroad of the ancient world.12 p.m. A day's excursion outside the city is rich in any direction. The columns of St Simeon's Cathedral to the north used to hold up the largest Christian Basilica before Europe's mediaeval cathedrals were built.The Byzantine saint, Simeon, sat for decades on top of a pillar, making himself and the church one of Christendom's foremost pilgrimage sites.Scattered among the limestone landscape are the Dead Cities, which housed substantial populations during Hellenistic and Roman times but were mysteriously abandoned. The most impressive, Serjilla is 80 km (50 miles) south of Aleppo.The Euphrates is also near, and the Arab Najm castle has a magnificent view of the river, without which much of Middle East civilization might not have risen.(Editing by Paul Casciato and Tamsin Barber)
Paul Casciato and Tamsin Barber
169
http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/10/02/us-crime-silkroad-marketplace-idUSBRE9911CP20131002
Marketplace of vice, 'Silk Road' meets its end
Wed Oct 2, 2013 7:08pm EDT
  BOSTON Before it was shut down by U.S. agents this week, people looking to buy street drugs, hire hackers or hitmen, and acquire stolen e-commerce accounts anonymously online could go to Silk Road, the Amazon.com of vice.For more than two years, according to U.S. authorities, the website allowed users to buy and sell illegal goods and services on the assumption that they were safe from the law. The buyers were cloaked by technology designed to keep identities secret and transactions were processed with bitcoin digital currency.Silk Road's alleged creator, 29-year-old Ross William Ulbricht, was arrested in San Francisco by FBI agents on Tuesday after investigators apparently linked his personal email address to the website, which has been shut down.Ulbricht's lawyer Brandon LeBlanc, a public defender, declined to comment.The crackdown on Silk Road is the latest in a series of moves by law enforcement against digital currencies, which critics say are a magnet for drug transactions, money-laundering and other illegal activities."Silk Road has emerged as the most sophisticated and extensive criminal marketplace on the Internet today," FBI agent Christopher Tarbell said in the criminal complaint.Based on court documents filed since the arrest, Silk Road -named for the ancient trade routes between China and the West - offered a wide array of wares.Customers could buy a gram of cocaine for 0.8956 bitcoin, or about $127 at an exchange rate of $142 per bitcoin. That exchange rate fell to as low as $110 per bitcoin on Tuesday, after the Silk Road bust was announced.A half pound of "hydroponic bud" was running about 17.2 bitcoins and 25 LSD blotters were on offer for 1.48 bitcoins, according to court filings that included screen shots of the product listings. Vendors showed photos of crushed white powder, marijuana, pills and other illicit-looking substances. The website included nearly 13,000 listings for controlled substances as of September 23, according to the court documents."Quality is superb ... Best stuff I've seen in a while," one user reported, according to the documents, saying he received a shipment of heroin overnight from a dealer known as "gotsitall 5.0."Gotsitall 5.0 charged an extra $12 to insure his product, which he described as "high quality #4 heroin all rock," according to the documents.Another vendor offered the services of "hitmen" operating in more than 10 countries, according to the FBI. Tarbell said in the complaint that buyers could also purchase firearms and the services of hackers offering to break into ATMs and social networking accounts on Facebook or Twitter. They also sold computer viruses that could be used to attack personal computers, as well as access to compromised accounts on online services such as Amazon.com Inc and Netflix Inc, he said.CAUGHT IN A LIBRARYThe end for Silk Road came in the small Glen Park branch of the San Francisco public library system on Tuesday afternoon.At least six plainclothes FBI agents seized Ulbricht as he lingered at a corner table on the second floor near the science fiction section, pressing him up against a window and announcing he was under arrest, a library spokeswoman said.A Silk Road wiki had offered advice on how to avoid getting caught by authorities. A seller's guide advised sellers to vacuum seal packages containing narcotics to avoid detection by dogs or electronic sniffers, according to the complaint. The court documents allege that altogether bitcoins worth some $1.2 billion changed hands through the Silk Road site, which charged commissions of between 8 and 15 percent before it was shut down after a 2 1/2-year run.Silk Road processed all transactions with bitcoin, which leaves no traditional money trail for investigators to follow.The site also routed traffic through a no-cost, anti-surveillance service known as the Tor network.Tor sends traffic through multiple virtual "tunnels" and relays in a bid to keep Web users' identities secret. It also provides "hidden services" to help websites keep the locations of their servers confidential by routing traffic to them from other locations.Tor, which was originally developed with a seed grant from the U.S. Naval Research Laboratory, is an open source project backed by people who say they are concerned about internet surveillance. It is accessible to anybody, including criminals.The complaint describes some of the steps by which investigators came to the conclusion that Ulbricht was the owner of the site, known online as "Dread Pirate Roberts."It said the mistakes included using a Google email address, rossulbricht@gmail.com, for communications linked to Silk Road, such as promotional material about the website dating back to January 2011.(Reporting by Emily Flitter; Additional reporting by Joseph Menn; Editing by Richard Valdmanis and Jim Loney)
Emily Flitter
170
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/06/24/us-home-copper-idUSKBN0EZ2OL20140624
Still no copper stocks shock-wave from Qingdao scandal: Andy Home
Tue Jun 24, 2014 5:00pm EDT
  LONDON It’s been three weeks since the first reports of something amiss at the Chinese port of Qingdao started hitting the headlines. Missing, in fact, was some of the metal pledged as collateral by a local trading outfit called Decheng Mining, which was itself collateral damage in an investigation into potential corruption, or “serious discipline violations” as the Chinese authorities call it, by Mao Xiaobing, party secretary of the Silk Road city of Xining.At the heart of the fake collateral scandal appears to be around 100,000 tonnes of aluminum, 200,000 tonnes of alumina and 20,000 tonnes of copper. Yet despite the relatively small tonnage involved, it has been the copper market that has been most shaken by the unfolding investigation at Qingdao. On the London Metal Exchange (LME) the nearby spread structure collapsed as the first reports started hitting the news wires. The benchmark cash-to-three-months period imploded from $101 per tonne backwardation at the end of May to $3 backwardation on June 6. Outright prices followed suit, three-month metal falling from $6,970 to $6,640 over the same week. The market’s reaction was understandable. Although the impacted tonnages were higher for aluminum, collateral financing in this particular market is the exception rather than the norm, not least because China is largely self-sufficient in the light metal. Copper, however, is an altogether different story. Everyone in the market knows that there are hundreds of thousands of tonnes of copper sitting in China’s bonded warehouse zone, some of it in transit to Chinese manufacturers but more of it doubling up as collateral for the country’s shadow lending sector. Behind the LME price and spreads reaction lay the fear that at least part of that copper mountain would surge back into the safer haven of LME-approved storage. Yet, three weeks on and there’s still no sign of any copper and the front part of the LME curve has started tightening again. So was it all a false alarm? NO DISORDERLY UNWINDCertainly, in terms of visible exchange inventories, the immediate Qingdao effect appears to have been minimal.The LME system has received just 1,050 tonnes of fresh inflow since the start of June and of that only a minimal 150 tonnes has been warranted at an Asian location, Busan in South Korea on June 19.  Nor has there been any obvious impact on stocks registered with the Shanghai Futures Exchange (SHFE), where duty-paid stocks have fallen by 11,100 tonnes and bonded stocks by 5,318 tonnes over the course of June. Yet behind the scenes there does seem to have been some movement of copper holdings as financing banks run the ruler over their counterparties and tighten up their storage requirements. Metal appears to have been shuffled within China, with big-name warehouse operators the main beneficiaries. It is possible, but so far unproven, that some has also left the country, heading to LME warehouse locations in South Korea. But quite evidently, if the latter is true, the copper has not been warranted, in which case it would have shown up on the LME stocks reports. Which makes sense. As time passes without fresh revelations, it does look as if Qingdao was a one-off. There has, critically, been no disorderly unwind of financing deals, even if the terms have been significantly tightened. The collateral finance business, in other words, is rolling on, albeit with increased scrutiny of where the metal is being stored. And while LME-approved warehouses sit at the top of the quality chain, you don’t actually have to warrant the metal to achieve the credibility and credit premium that goes with LME storage.  LOSS OF FINANCING APPETITE?While the immediate panic has passed, there are legitimate concerns as to whether lending capacity for collateralized copper deals will contract as banks, both Chinese and international, get more picky about who they are willing to lend to. Analysts at Macquarie Bank, for example, suggest that some 290,000 tonnes will flow out of bonded zones over the course of June through September, reducing the amount of copper sitting in bonded limbo to around 600,000 tonnes. (“Qingdao scandal: copper off, bonded stocks drop – where will it stop?”; June 14, 2014).But they are not expecting any significant further contraction beyond that point, explaining:“Besides the copper metal that is imported for the domestic market, which must first spend time in the bonded areas, the metal-financing transit trade, where metal sits in the zones for a few months held in a consecutive series of sale and repurchase agreements, is a very established and popular method of playing the interest rate arbitrage between China and ex-China”.  In reference to the Chinese authorities’ long-running game of cat-and-mouse with collateral financiers, Macquarie goes on to conclude that “large and well-established importers have been seen to survive previous credit crackdowns, and we expect they will again.”Moreover, the most obvious place for that bonded copper to go, if it does go, is the domestic market in China, particularly given the tightness of supply evident from falling SHFE stocks and the SHFE’s backwardated structure <0#SCF:>. Remember that one of the appeals of copper as collateral rather than, say aluminum, is that China is structurally short of the stuff, meaning there is always going to be an import buyer if the metal needs to find a home. That hasn’t changed one iota after the Qingdao scandal. BACK TO BACKWARDATION?Back in London there is still evident caution that displaced metal may yet appear in the LME system. The cash-to-threes spread, currently trading at just over $30 backwardation, is still a long way short of those late-May levels. But with exchange stocks still steadily eroding, there is no shortage of structural tension in the spreads. The LME’s daily dominant position reports currently show one holder of cash and warrant positions equivalent to between 50 and 80 percent of open tonnage and tom-next, the shortest-dated spread in the LME system, has been flipping in and out of backwardation for several days now. In essence, we’re back to where we started before Qingdao first hit the news. Depleting stocks and spreads tension have been the two running themes of the London copper market for many months now. It’s why the backwardation flared out over the course of May and why it’s starting to widen again. Until such time as metal can be incentivized onto LME warrant, both trends will remain in place. The Qingdao scandal looked as if it was going to do the market’s work for it, but given the lack of arrivals over the interim three weeks, the chances of a rebuild in LME stocks from displaced bonded warehouse units, are fading. It’s business as usual, it seems, both for the collateral financing trade and for the LME copper contract. The market of last resort is still battling to attract units from the market of first resort that is China’s bonded warehouse zone.  (Editing by William Hardy)
William Hardy
171
http://www.reuters.com/article/2011/11/04/uk-china-sea-treasure-idUSLNE7A303F20111104
China says no more "looting" in disputed sea
Fri Nov 4, 2011 7:31am EDT
  BEIJING China will go after "looters" who look for treasure from sunken ships in the disputed South China Sea without permission, but will face a tough job in doing so as the waters are so extensive, state media said on Friday.Some treasure seekers have used explosives to get at the porcelain, gold and silver contained in ships which have sunk around the Paracel Islands, which lies on the maritime route of the old Silk Road, Xinhua news agency said."All the 48 cultural relics sites in Xisha (the Paracels) have been looted to various degrees," it quoted Wang Yiping, head of Hainan province's cultural heritage bureau, as saying. "Among them, 26 sites were seriously looted."Chinese authorities seized six small boats "hired by looters" in April near the Paracels, confiscating more than 1,400 pieces of porcelain, Wang added. However, three larger boats fled. "It remains a tough job to enforce the law around such a huge area, but we will not relent," added Wen Li, an official with the provincial marine environment monitoring team."Various agencies and government departments are discussing measures to strengthen supervision to ensure the safety of the relics in the South China Sea," he said. China, Taiwan and four Southeast Asian states, including the Philippines and Vietnam, all have conflicting claims over the islets and atolls in the South China Sea, an area believed to have rich deposits of oil and gas. It is also a rich fishing ground. Claimants to the sea have been trying to cool tension after a series of disputes this year, including when Chinese patrol boats threatened to ram a Philippine-contracted survey ship in the Reed Bank in March.China has the most extensive claims, and says it has had sovereignty since ancient times.(Reporting by Ben Blanchard; Editing by Sugita Katyal)
Ben Blanchard
172
http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/04/30/us-china-xinjiang-idUSBRE93T02S20130430
China says detains 19, seizes weapons after Xinjiang unrest
Tue Apr 30, 2013 12:48am EDT
  BEIJING Chinese police have detained 19 people and seized homemade explosives and weapons following a bloody clash between residents and officials which killed 21 people last week in the restive region of Xinjiang, state media reported.The violence, in the heavily ethnic Uighur part of Xinjiang near the old Silk Road city of Kashgar, was the deadliest in the far western region since July 2009, when nearly 200 people were killed in riots in the Xinjiang capital of Urumqi.The government has labeled the violence in Kashgar's Maralbexi county as a "terrorist attack", though the exiled World Uyghur Congress has said the shooting and killing of a young Uighur by "Chinese armed personnel" prompted the Uighurs to retaliate.Many Uighurs, a Turkic-speaking Muslim people who call energy-rich Xinjiang home, chafe at Chinese restrictions on their culture, language and religion. China says it grants them wide-ranging freedoms.Police have now rounded up 19 people in Kashgar, Urumqi and another part of Xinjiang called Bayingolin, the official Xinhua news agency said late on Monday.Members of the group who carried out the attack "regularly watched video clips advocating religious extremism and terrorism and attended illegal preaching ceremonies", Xinhua said. "Since early December 2012, they had always gathered ... to do physical training and to practice killing skills they had learned from the terrorist video clips," the English language report said.It said the unidentified group had tested explosives, made bombs and remote controllers and planned to "do something big" in densely populated areas of Kashgar in the coming months. "The group members were spotted making explosives on April 23 by local police and community workers, which led to the deadly clash," the report said.Vice Minister of Public Security Meng Hongwei said police also seized homemade explosives, weapons and East Turkistan flags, Xinhua added.China accuses armed Uighur groups of having links to Central Asian and Pakistani Islamist extremists, and of carrying out attacks to establish an independent state called East Turkistan. Many rights groups say China overplays the threat posed to justify its tough controls in Xinjiang."China's unilateral accusations lack transparency and they are using so-called terrorism as an excuse to repress the Uighur people. The clash was a direct result of Chinese provocations," said World Uyghur Congress spokesman Dilxat Raxit.Meng said the government would mount an "iron-handed crackdown against terrorism", Xinhua added.(Reporting by Ben Blanchard; Editing by Stephen Coates)
Ben Blanchard
173
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/04/29/us-china-xinjiang-idUSBREA3S0BM20140429
China's president says Xinjiang is front line on terrorism, hails police
Tue Apr 29, 2014 6:58am EDT
  BEIJING Police are the "fists and daggers" in the fight against terrorism, China's President Xi Jinping said on a trip to the western Xinjiang region where authorities say members of a Muslim minority are waging a violent separatist campaign.Xi's tour, reported in state media late on Monday, was his first to the region since a ruling Communist Party conclave in November in which he ushered in a national security commission to combat foreign and domestic threats.Xi has raised the pitch of his warnings on security threats after a spate of deadly attacks, including one in the southwestern city of Kunming in March in which 29 people were killed and 140 injured by knife-wielding attackers who the government said were militants from Xinjiang."The Kashgar region is the front line in anti-terrorism and maintaining social stability," the official Xinhua news agency citied Xi as telling paramilitary police in the Silk Road city of Kashgar in western Xinjiang that has been at the center of much of the unrest."The situation is grim and complicated. The local level police stations are fists and daggers," Xi said.The report, carried widely in state media, showed photographs of Xi touring police facilities. "You must have the most effective means to deal with violent terrorists," Xi said at a police station where he was pictured inspecting a wall of various kinds of truncheons."Sweat more in peacetime to bleed less in wartime," he said.Uighurs are Turkic-language speaking Muslims. Many of them chafe at Chinese controls on their culture and religion. Unrest in Xinjiang has led to the deaths of more than 100 people in the past year, prompting a tougher stance against Uighurs.The government blames the violence on Islamist militants and separatists from the Uighur community who want to establish an independent state called East Turkestan. But rights advocates say China's harsh rule tramples on Uighurs' language and culture.Uighurs have traditionally followed a moderate form of Islam but many have begun adopting practices more commonly seen in Saudi Arabia or Afghanistan, such as full-face veils for women, as China has intensified a security crackdown in recent years. Many Uighurs complain they are denied economic opportunities amid an influx of Han Chinese into the region. Xi urged ethnic unity and encouraged students to seize the opportunity to learn both Chinese and the Uighur language."Learning two languages will not only make finding jobs easier, it more importantly will make contributions to promoting ethnic unity," Xi told school children and their teachers.Dilxat Raxit, spokesman for the main Uighur exile group, the World Uyghur Congress, said in a emailed statement that China's policies were insincere and provoke unrest, not unity."Relying on armed force and monitoring deprives Uighurs of their freedom and proves the utter failure of China's local governance," he said.(Reporting by Michael Martina; Editing by Robert Birsel & Kim Coghill)
Michael Martina
174
http://www.reuters.com/article/2012/05/22/kazakhstan-investors-idUSL5E8GM87R20120522
Kazakh leader seeks foreign help to diversify
Tue May 22, 2012 1:22pm EDT
  ASTANA May 22 Kazakhstan's long-serving president on Tuesday urged foreign companies developing its lucrative oil and gas fields to invest in alternative projects, to reduce the Central Asian country's dependence on exports of its natural resources.Nursultan Nazarbayev told international energy and mining executives that their companies would be asked to invest in processing plants and infrastructure to help the former Soviet state build a "new Silk Road" linking China to European markets."The major oil and gas deposits of Kazakhstan, by the Caspian Sea and in the centre of the country, are an important strategic resource of our people," Nazarbayev said in closing remarks to a meeting of the Council of Foreign Investors."We will ask all investors that have worked on these strategic resources, including our metallurgical companies, to invest money in the development and creation of an alternative economy - in other words, our industrialisation."Ex-Soviet Kazakhstan has attracted more than $150 billion in foreign investment since independence in 1991, mostly in oil, gas and metals. Four times the size of Texas, the country holds slightly over 3 percent of the world's recoverable oil reserves.Nazarbayev, a former steelworker and member of the last Soviet Communist Politburo, has held a tight grip on power for more than two decades and is accused by political opponents of stifling dissent in his country of 16.7 million people.The 71-year-old leader has prioritised economic growth over democracy. Kazakhstan's economy, worth $185 billion at the end of last year, had more than doubled in size since the first meeting of the Council of Foreign Investors in 1998, he said.High oil prices have sustained economic growth, but the country's reliance on its natural resources leaves it exposed to any drop in world commodity prices. Economic diversification is a cornerstone of Nazarbayev's development programme to 2020. He cited a polyethylene pipe plant built by U.S. oil major Chevron and a welding institute proposed by Total  as examples of the investment sought by Kazakhstan."This is not enough," Nazarbayev said, addressing senior executives from companies including ExxonMobil, Royal Dutch Shell and BG Group."We are asking for wider participation. This is negotiable. We should decide this together, so it's profitable both for Kazakhstan and for you."'NEW SILK ROAD' Kazakhstan's GDP grew 7.5 percent last year and the International Monetary Fund forecasts 6 percent growth in 2012.Nazarbayev said Kazakhstan planned to develop major road and rail transport routes, including the 2,700-km (1,690-mile) Kazakh leg of a road from China to Europe and a trade hub on its eastern border with China."I propose we start work together on a large-scale project to build a new 'Silk Road'. Kazakhstan should restore its historic role and become the major business transit hub in Central Asia - a bridge between Europe and Asia," he said."Our specialists have worked out that it takes 14 days to ship a cargo by rail from the Pacific Ocean to Europe. By sea, it takes 45 days." Kazakhstan's proximity to China, which became the country's largest export market in 2010, should also attract investment.Alexander Mashkevitch, co-founder of London-listed miner ENRC, said his company planned in the near future to double annual iron ore shipments to China to 10 million tonnes."Twenty-one years ago, when Kazakhstan became independent and we were discussing the country's industrial export potential, everybody said the biggest problem was the lack of sea ports," Mashkevitch told the meeting."Today, the effect of our geographical proximity of China outweighs the absence of sea ports."But excessive bureaucracy, corruption and customs delays were cited by several foreign investors as obstacles to growth.Investor council member John Ferraro, global chief operating officer at Ernst & Young, said Kazakhstan should provide a predictable regulatory environment and modern infrastructure to encourage more diverse investment."To attract strategic and technology-intensive FDI projects, Kazakhstan needs to develop relevant support schemes," Ferraro said in a statement accompanying the release of Ernst & Young's second 'Kazakhstan Attractiveness Survey'.Underlining the challenges involved in diversifying the economy, the survey showed 30 percent of respondents ranked oil and gas as the most attractive sector for investment, with mining and metals scoring 23 percent. Infrastructure scored 10 percent, behind agriculture.	  	 	  (Editing by Catherine Evans)
Catherine Evans
175
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/05/21/oh-total-quality-logisti-idUSnBw215242a%2B100%2BBSW20150521
TQL Introduces First Mobile App for Trucking Industry with Speak-and-Search Capability
Thu May 21, 2015 8:00am EDT
    TQL Introduces First Mobile App for Trucking Industry with        Speak-and-Search Capability         Voice search is fast, convenient and helps alleviate typos on small        mobile device screens. And now it’s available to truck drivers on the        road searching for loads to haul.       This Smart News Release features multimedia. View the full release here:  http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20150521005242/en/         Carrier Dashboard 4.1 is the first mobile application in the trucking        industry with speak-and-search technology. The app, released on May 19        from Total Quality Logistics (TQL), has been in development for more        than a year and features an industry-specific vocabulary tailored to        moving freight. The goal: save time for drivers on the road and help        them find freight more easily.             “We are the first to market with a mobile application that allows        drivers to search for loads with voice commands,” said TQL President,        Kerry Byrne. “Technology is a serious competitive advantage. The faster        carriers can find our loads, the easier it is for us to satisfy our        customers’ delivery requirements.”             Carrier Dashboard 4.1 uses a form of artificial intelligence to        continuously improve performance, along with recognizing regional        accents and filtering out most ambient noise. The more drivers use the        app, the better it gets. And when it’s time to head home drivers simply        ask the app to “Take Me Home” and it will find them a load heading back        to their hometown.             “It’s cool; it did what it was supposed to do,” Marlino Mehmeti, a        driver with Planet Xpress said of the speak-and-search feature. “I just        told it place to place where I wanted to go and it got me the load I        wanted. I’m telling people TQL has a very cool feature.”             TQL introduced the first mobile freight-finding applications to carriers        in 2011, with carriers using it about 40,000 times that first year. App        use grew more than one thousand percent in 2014.             “We’ve focused heavily on increasing our investments in people and        technology,” said Byrne. “And it’s paid off not only in our growth, but        in our relationships with the carriers themselves.”             Carrier Dashboard 4.1 is available for Apple and Android devices on the        app store or Google Play.       TQL Carrier Dashboard 4.1 Carrier Features:            NEW! Speak-and-search technology to find loads and “Take Me Home” to          find backhauls                        Loaded with industry-specific vocabulary – words like van, load,              reefer, and more                         Regional accent recognition                         Filters out most ambient noise                         Uses a form of artificial intelligence to continuously improve              performance                       Ability to send manual or automated location updates                 GPS tracking to yield better search results                 Automatic alerts when desired loads and lanes become available                 Document scanning and paperwork receipt status updates                 Payment status updates          About Total Quality Logistics         Total Quality Logistics is one of the largest freight brokerage firm in        the nation, and will operate 34 offices in 19 states by the end of        August 2015. TQL connects customers needing to move truckload freight        shipments with carriers having capacity to move them. TQL is        headquartered in Cincinnati, Ohio. Its 2014 sales topped $2 billion and        it employs more than 3,100 people nationwide. Connect        with TQL on the web at TQL.com, on Facebook at Total Quality        Logistics or on Twitter @TQLogistics.       View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20150521005242/en/        Total Quality LogisticsMark Motz, Communications Specialist, 513-831-2600 x.56545mmotz@tql.com        
None
176
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/11/06/us-usa-crime-silkroad-idUSKBN0IQ1UV20141106
U.S. shuts down Silk Road 2.0 website, charges alleged owner
Thu Nov 6, 2014 12:27pm EST
  NEW YORK U.S. authorities said Thursday they have shut down the successor website to Silk Road, an underground online drug marketplace, and charged its alleged operator with conspiracy to commit drug trafficking, computer hacking, money laundering and other crimes.Blake Benthall, 26, was arrested on Wednesday in San Francisco and was expected to make an initial court appearance in federal court there later on Thursday.The charges against Benthall carry a maximum sentence of life in prison.A lawyer for Benthall could not immediately be identified.Silk Road 2.0 was launched late last year, weeks after authorities had shuttered the original Silk Road website in October and arrested its alleged owner, Ross Ulbricht, who went by the online alias, Dread Pirate Roberts. “Let’s be clear – this Silk Road, in whatever form, is the road to prison," Manhattan U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara, whose office is prosecuting both cases, said in a statement.Benthall, known as “Defcon” online, became the operator of Silk Road 2.0 in December, one month after an unnamed co-conspirator launched the site, according to prosecutors. Silk Road 2.0 provided an online bazaar where users across the world could buy and sell drugs, computer hacking tools and other illicit items, using the digital currency Bitcoin as payment, authorities said.As of September, the site was generating at least $8 million a month in sales, they said. The government’s investigation included an undercover agent who was able to infiltrate the administrative staff of the website and interact directly with Benthall, prosecutors said.Ulbricht, 30, has pleaded not guilty and is scheduled for trial in New York in January. (Reporting by Joseph Ax; Editing by Bernadette Baum)
Joseph Ax
177
http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/11/07/us-crime-silkroad-idUSBRE9A608I20131107
New Silk Road drug bazaar opens a month after FBI bust
Thu Nov 7, 2013 3:41am EST
  SAN FRANCISCO A new anonymous Internet marketplace for illegal drugs debuted on Wednesday, with the same name and appearance as the Silk Road website shut down by U.S. law enforcement authorities a month ago.Like its predecessor, the new Silk Road listed hundreds of advertisements for marijuana, cocaine, ecstasy and other illegal drugs available for purchase from independent sellers using the anonymous Bitcoin digital currency.On October 1, the Federal Bureau of Investigation shut down the original Silk Road and arrested its alleged mastermind, Ross William Ulbricht, 29, known online as "Dread Pirate Roberts," in San Francisco."It took the FBI two-and-a-half years to do what they did ... but four weeks of temporary silence is all they got," a site administrator wrote, also using the "Dread Pirate Roberts" moniker.The FBI declined to comment on the new version of the Silk Road. For more than two years, the original site acted like an eBay of vice, allowing users to buy and sell illegal goods and services on the assumption that they were safe from the law. Deliveries were made through the mail in discrete packages.U.S. authorities also say Ulbricht had tried to call out a hit on a user who had threatened to expose the identities of thousands of Silk Road users. Ulbricht's lawyer on Wednesday said his client would plead not guilty to drug trafficking, hacking and money laundering charges.The charges against Ulbricht said his website generated sales of more than 9.5 million Bitcoins, roughly equivalent to $1.2 billion.The new website improves on technology from the previous Silk Road meant to keep identities secret, including measures to keep users from losing their Bitcoins in case the site shuts down, according to the new Dread Pirate Roberts. Senator Tom Carper, a top lawmaker on the Homeland Security committee, who plans to hold a hearing on digital currencies this month, said the new Silk Road site shows that government needs to adapt to fast-moving technology."Rather than play 'whack-a-mole' with the latest website, currency, or other method criminals are using in an effort to evade the law, we need to develop thoughtful, nimble and sensible federal policies that protect the public without stifling innovation and economic growth," Carper said in a statement.A week after authorities shut down the Silk Road, British police said they arrested four men accused of being significant users of the site. Two weeks ago, federal prosecutors said 144,336 Bitcoins were discovered on Ulbricht's confiscated computer, adding to more than 30,000 Bitcoins previously seized.With the digital currency trading at an all-time on Wednesday, those Bitcoins were worth close to $50 million, according to the Mt Gox trading website.Like the original Silk Road, users access the new site using a no-cost, anti-surveillance service known as the Tor network instead of traditional web browsers.The relaunched Silk Road will soon hire staff to handle marketing for the site, the administrator mentioned in his post."The Silk Road has risen once more. ... Open communication with your old suppliers and customers, let this wonderful news be taken to all corners of the Tor Network and beyond," the person wrote.(Additional reporting by Emily Flitter in New York and Brett Wolf in St. Louis; Editing by Leslie Gevirtz and Lisa Shumaker)
None
178
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/07/08/us-usa-railroad-new-york-idUSKBN0FD1Z520140708
Contract talks resume as Long Island Rail Road strike looms
Tue Jul 8, 2014 1:05pm EDT
  NEW YORK Labor negotiators met in New York on Tuesday for another round of talks to avert a strike by 5,400 workers at the Long Island Rail Road, the country's largest commuter railway. LIRR workers have threatened to walk off the job on July 20, when a 60-day cooling-off period is set to expire, if they are unable to agree on a contract after lengthy negotiations with the Metropolitan Transit Authority. A strike would affect about 300,000 weekday riders, most of whom use the railway to commute to and from jobs in New York City from their homes on Long Island.The MTA has worked on a strike backup plan, but the details have not been made public, agency spokesman Aaron Donovan said.  "We hope to avoid having to go to a contingency plan," he said, adding that an LIRR strike would cripple Long Island's economy and leave many residents and tourists stranded.  Anthony Simon, chief spokesman for a coalition of eight unions representing LIRR workers at the bargaining table, was unavailable for comment on Tuesday. In a recent statement, Simon said the unions had pushed for an extended cooling-off period to delay a possible strike, which could only be stopped by Congress. He also said union members care about Long Island and its economy.  The MTA and the unions have unsuccessfully negotiated for four years on the labor contracts and have worked with federal mediators to reach a deal. Most recently, the MTA offered a 17 percent wage increase to union workers over seven years with higher benefit contributions made by future employees, both sides said. The unions have asked for a wage hike of 17 percent over six years without concessions for future employees.  The wage increases would be applied retroactively through 2010. Employees would receive a lump sum for the retroactive wage hikes. (Reporting by Laila Kearney; Editing by Daniel Wallis and Jonathan Oatis)
Laila Kearney
179
http://www.reuters.com/article/2009/12/24/us-uzbekistan-election-idUSTRE5BN0YI20091224
Uzbekistan holds election as West watches
Thu Dec 24, 2009 7:14am EST
  TASHKENT Uzbekistan will vote on Sunday in a parliamentary election certain to cement President Islam Karimov's grip on power in a Central Asian nation key to Western efforts to contain the Taliban in neighboring Afghanistan.The West, once critical of Uzbekistan's rights abuses and hard line on dissent, has kept quiet ahead of the Sunday vote as it seeks to engage the ex-Soviet republic in U.S.-led efforts in Afghanistan.The resource-rich country has been classified as one of the world's most repressive by global rights groups since it gained independence from Soviet rule in 1991.There are no opposition parties in Uzbekistan and it has never held an election judged free and fair by Western monitors. Most liberal politicians and activists are either in jail or in exile abroad."Pessimism is felt everywhere," said Surat Ikramov, one of a handful of independent rights activists working in Uzbekistan."I don't expect anything good from this election. Everyone is keeping silent, as always," added Ikramov who meticulously documents cases of rights violations across the country.The West however is worried about stability in Uzbekistan, which lies on a new supply route for cargo bound for U.S. troops fighting the Taliban in Afghanistan.NO CHOICE The 71-year-old Karimov, who has ruled the poor nation and its command-style economy for 20 years, has no clear successor.Sunday's vote is certain to hand his allies all seats in the lower house of parliament in a country where expressing critical views about the Uzbek leader can land people in jail.There has been no visible campaigning ahead of the vote and media reports have been patchy from the isolated nation which has revoked most Western media accreditations in recent years.Residents of the capital, Tashkent, have been reluctant to speak to reporters based outside the country by telephone, fearful of state reprisals for expressing views in public. In Tashkent, an ancient Silk Road city rebuilt in Soviet times after a ruinous earthquake, life appeared to proceed as usual as people rushed about on last-minute New Year's errands, apparently ignoring large election banners hanging over streets."It's a festive season and people are more concerned with New Year celebrations than elections," said Ikramov.The West cut off ties with Uzbekistan after state troops opened fire on protesters in the eastern city of Andizhan in 2005, killing hundreds of people, according to witnesses.This year Washington stepped up contacts after Uzbekistan agreed to allow non-military supplies to pass en route to Afghanistan. The European Union lifted sanctions in October. In Sunday's vote, candidates from four parties are running for 150 seats in the lower house. The Ecological Movement of Uzbekistan, focused solely on environmental issues, automatically gets 15 seats in the chamber.All have stated strong support for Karimov's government.None of the parties have been available for comment despite numerous attempts to reach their headquarters in Tashkent.A Foreign Ministry spokesman said he could not comment on the vote which official websites have described as democratic."Conditions have been created ahead of this election to make sure they are held in the spirit of freedom, that voters are given transparent choices and information about the candidates' election programs," said the official UZA news agency.The election monitoring arm of the Organisation for Security and Cooperation in Europe decided against sending an observation mission to Uzbekistan, saying that none of its recommendations offered in the past had been implemented.It said in a pre-election report that "the current political spectrum does not offer the electorate a genuine choice between competing political alternatives."
None
180
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/04/26/us-quake-nepal-imf-idUSKBN0NH0N520150426
IMF ready to send team to Nepal to assess needs
Sun Apr 26, 2015 12:27pm EDT
  WASHINGTON The International Monetary Fund said on Sunday it was ready to send a team to Nepal to evaluate financial needs after the earthquake that killed more than 2,400 people and devastated Kathmandu valley."An IMF team stands ready to visit Nepal at short notice to help the government assess the macroeconomic situation and determine any financing needs," managing director Christine Lagarde said in a statement.The IMF is coordinating with the World Bank and the Asian Development Bank to evaluate the impact from Saturday's quake of 7.9 magnitude, which toppled buildings in the capital Kathmandu and triggered avalanches on Mount Everest.Overwhelmed doctors moved hundreds of patients onto the streets of Kathmandu on Sunday when aftershocks rattled hospitals and buildings.  Sick and wounded people lay on a dusty road outside Kathmandu Medical College while hospital workers carried more patients out of the building on stretchers and sacks. Orla Fagan, spokeswoman for the U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs, said the most serious challenge facing victims of the earthquake was worsening weather conditions at a time when people were living outdoors, afraid to go back into their earthquake-weakened homes."People will be terrified to be indoors. They will be exposed to the elements. There are no temporary shelters set up yet. They will all be sleeping outdoors tonight in terrible weather conditions" and with sewage and water systems damaged, there is the possibility of disease spreading, Fagan told the CBS "Face the Nation" TV show.   (Reporting by Alistair Bell and Richard Cowan; Editing by Rosalind Russell)
Alistair Bell and Richard Cowan
181
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/05/29/bbo-rays-orioles-preview-idUSMTZEB5T3YNFRF20150529
Preview: Rays at Orioles
Fri May 29, 2015 7:02am EDT
  The Baltimore Orioles continue their eight-game homestand when they take on the Tampa Bay Rays in the first actual series between the American League East rivals at Camden Yards this season. The teams were scheduled to square off in a three-game set at the home of the Orioles at the beginning of the month, but it was relocated to Tropicana Field because of riots and social unrest in Baltimore.The Orioles won two of those three contests, limiting the Rays to a total of four runs the entire series, after kicking off the campaign by also taking two of three at Tampa Bay. Baltimore is 3-2 on its homestand after splitting a doubleheader - a result of a pair of postponed games in late April - with the Chicago White Sox on Thursday. The Rays are starting a 10-game road trip after a 2-5 homestand that concluded with five consecutive losses. The most recent setback occurred Wednesday, when Tampa Bay recorded four singles against Felix Hernandez in a 3-0 defeat against Seattle.TV: 7:05 p.m. ET, Sun Sports (Tampa Bay), MASN (Baltimore)PITCHING MATCHUP: Rays RH Nathan Karns (3-2, 3.71 ERA) vs. Orioles RH Miguel Gonzalez (5-3, 3.83) Karns is coming off his first loss since his season debut, suffering the defeat against Oakland on Saturday despite allowing two runs in 5 2/3 innings. The 27-year-old entered that contest with a seven-start unbeaten streak during which he yielded more than two runs just once. Karns seeks his first win in three outings versus Baltimore this year after getting tagged for six runs over 5 2/3 frames in a loss on April 7 and settling for a no-decision on May 3 after scattering two hits over five scoreless innings.Gonzalez was roughed up in a loss at Miami on Sunday as he surrendered five runs on 10 hits and three walks over four innings. The Mexican, who turned 31 on Wednesday, has been tagged for at least four runs in four of his last six starts but didn't allow an earned run in either of the other two outings. One of those two turns came against the Rays on May 2, when Gonzalez gave up four hits over 7 2/3 scoreless frames after being saddled with the loss at Tampa Bay in his season debut despite giving up only one run in 5 2/3 innings. WALK-OFFS1. Rays 3B Evan Longoria, who had his 10-game hitting streak halted Wednesday, is a huge fan of Camden Yards, having registered 13 home runs and 42 RBIs there - his highest career totals at any road ballpark. 2. Baltimore manager Buck Showalter is tied with Whitey Herzog for 35th place on the all-time list with 1,281 victories.3. Tampa Bay activated INF Ryan Brett (shoulder) from the 15-day disabled list on Thursday before optioning the rookie to Triple-A Durham.PREDICTION: Rays 5, Orioles 3
None
182
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/07/30/us-privacy-software-attack-idUSKBN0FZ1RZ20140730
Internet privacy service Tor warns users it was attacked
Wed Jul 30, 2014 6:52pm EDT
  BOSTON Reuters - Tor, the prominent system for protecting Internet privacy, said on Wednesday many of its users trying to reach hidden sites might have been identified by government-funded researchers.In a note on the nonprofit's website, Tor Project leader Roger Dingledine said the service had identified computers on its network that had been quietly altering Tor traffic for five months in an attempt to unmask users connecting to what are known as "hidden services."Dingledine said it was "likely" the attacking computers, which were removed on July 4, were operated on behalf of two researchers at the Software Engineering Institute, which is housed at Carnegie-Mellon University, but funded mainly by the U.S. Department of Defense.    The pair had been scheduled to speak on identifying Tor users at the Black Hat security conference next month. After Tor developers complained to Carnegie-Mellon, officials there said the research had not been cleared and canceled the talk.Previous reports on the research had already raised alarms among privacy activists. Dingledine went further, warning on Wednesday that "users who operated or accessed hidden services from early February through July 4 should assume they were affected."Those navigating to ordinary websites should be in the clear.  It remains uncertain how much data the researchers were able to collect and what will happen to that information, which would be of interest to intelligence agencies and law enforcement.Hidden services include underground drug sites such as the shuttered Silk Road, as well as privacy-conscious outfits such as SecureDrop, which is designed to safely connect whistle blowers with media outlets.Dingledine said the physical locations where the hidden services were housed could have been exposed, although probably not the content on them that was viewed by a visitor. "Unfortunately, I cannot comment," lead Software Engineering Institute researcher Alexander Volynkin told Reuters. Institute spokesman Richard Lynch declined to comment, while the FBI had no immediate response to questions about whether it would seek the data.        Defense Department spokeswoman Valerie Henderson said she did not know if officials there would have the right to raw research from the Institute.   "You have to know what organization and which individuals inside the Department of Defense might have set this one up," Henderson said. Even if there is an overarching guideline about access to unpublished research, "the general rule may not apply," she added. Tor is an anonymity tool designed to protect the identity of Internet users by routing traffic through multiple nodes around the world. It is used by human rights activists, criminals and others looking to evade surveillance.Dingledine advised users to upgrade to the latest version of its software, which addresses the vulnerability that was exploited. He cautioned that attempts to break Tor were likely to continue.Leaked National Security Agency documents show the NSA has logged the IP addresses of many Tor users and might have scanned emails for users living outside of the United States and its four closest intelligence allies, the United Kingdom, Canada, Australia and New Zealand, media in Germany reported this month. (Additional reporting by Joseph Menn in San Francisco; Editing by Bernadette Baum and Andre Grenon)
None
183
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/01/13/us-usa-bitcoin-trial-idUSKBN0KM1R720150113
Jury selection starts in New York trial of alleged Silk Road creator
Tue Jan 13, 2015 10:58am EST
  NEW YORK Jury selection began on Tuesday in the trial of the suspected operator of Silk Road, an online black market bazaar where users could anonymously by drugs and other illicit goods using bitcoin.The trial in Manhattan federal court of Ross Ulbricht, 30, marks the highest-profile test yet of U.S. authorities' efforts to crackdown on the use of the digital currency bitcoin for drug trafficking and other crimes.Ulbricht faces seven counts including operating a continuing criminal enterprise and conspiracy to commit narcotics trafficking. He faces up to life in prison in a case his supporters call an attack on Internet freedom.Outside the courthouse earlier on Tuesday, a small group of protesters held up signs, including ones saying "30 years to life for an honest website?" and "Web hosting is not a crime!"Silk Road operated from at least January 2011 to October 2013, authorities say, generating sales of $1.2 billion and commissions of $80 million by the time the FBI seized it and arrested Ulbricht. Prosecutors say Ulbricht ran it as the "Dread Pirate Roberts," an alias borrowed from a character in the 1987 movie "The Princess Bride." The website relied on the so-called Tor network, which lets users communicate anonymously.Authorities say Ulbricht took extreme steps to protect Silk Road, soliciting the murder-for-hire of six people who posed a threat. No evidence exists the murders were carried out. Ulbricht, who has been in custody since his arrest in October 2013, has pleaded not guilty and has never conceded creating Silk Road.Twelve jurors and four alternates will be selected from a pool that U.S. District Judge Katherine Forrest said on Tuesday would include around 90 people.Ahead of Tuesday's proceedings, 92 potential jurors were dismissed based on their responses to a written questionnaire. Questions included what were potential jurors' computer habits and whether they had heard of Ulbricht, Silk Road, bitcoin or the Dread Pirate Roberts, other than in "The Princess Bride."The case is U.S. v. Ulbricht, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 13-06919. (Reporting by Nate Raymond in New York; Editing by Tom Brown)
Nate Raymond in New York
184
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/05/21/sunpower-conferences-idUSnPn5yKmTv%2B8a%2BPRN20150521
SunPower President and CEO, Tom Werner to Speak at Bernstein 31st Annual Strategic Decisions Conference in New York
Thu May 21, 2015 8:00am EDT
    SunPower President and CEO, Tom Werner to Speak at Bernstein 31st Annual Strategic Decisions Conference in New York Senior Director of Investor Relations Bob Okunski to speak at Cowen 43rd Annual Technology, Media & Telecom Conference in New York PR Newswire SAN JOSE, Calif., May 21, 2015   SAN JOSE, Calif., May 21, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- SunPower Corp. (NASDAQ: SPWR) today announced that Tom Werner, SunPower president and CEO, will speak at the Bernstein 31st Annual Strategic Decisions Conference on May 28, at 9:00 a.m. Eastern Time.  The event is being held at the Waldorf Astoria Hotel in New York City and will be webcast live from SunPower's website at http://investors.sunpower.com/events.cfm. Bob Okunski, senior director of investor relations, will speak at the Cowen 43rd Annual Technology, Media & Telecom (TMT) Conference on May 27 at 3:30 p.m. Eastern Time. The event is being held at the Palace Hotel in New York City and will be webcast live from SunPower's website at http://investors.sunpower.com/events.cfm. About SunPower SunPower Corp. (NASDAQ: SPWR) designs, manufactures and delivers the highest efficiency, highest reliability solar panels and systems available today. Residential, business, government and utility customers rely on SunPower's 30 years of experience and guaranteed performance to provide maximum return on investment throughout the life of the solar system. Headquartered in San Jose, Calif., SunPower has offices in North and South America, Europe, Australia, Africa and Asia. For more information, visit www.sunpower.com. ® 2015 SunPower Corporation.   All rights reserved.  SUNPOWER and the SUNPOWER logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of SunPower Corporation in the U.S. and other countries. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/sunpower-president-and-ceo-tom-werner-to-speak-at-bernstein-31st-annual-strategic-decisions-conference-in-new-york-300086975.htmlSOURCE  SunPower Corp. 
None
185
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/02/06/us-usa-weather-georgia-idUSBREA151MT20140206
Georgia road officials apologize for overreacting to snow risk
Thu Feb 6, 2014 1:34pm EST
  ATLANTA Georgia state transportation officials, reeling from the snow and ice that paralyzed Atlanta highways last week, said they "overreacted" on Thursday by warning motorists of a winter storm watch that had not in fact been issued.After weather forecasts mentioned a chance of more snow, officials posted winter storm watch and warning messages on electronic roadway signs in Atlanta late on Wednesday and early Thursday.But the National Weather Service had predicted only light snow, possibly mixing with rain. "The term 'winter storm' was never used," weather service meteorologist Kent Frantz said. The Georgia Department of Transportation subsequently removed the more dire warnings and apologized for the error. "In our desire to proactively inform the traveling public of potential hazardous road conditions, we overreacted to a weather statement from the National Weather Service," transportation officials said in a statement. "We apologize for any confusion this may have caused."Atlanta highways came to a complete standstill last week after about two inches of snow fell around the city. Hundreds of thousands of commuters hit the roads at the same time to get home from work and pick up their children from school. Governor Nathan Deal, a Republican up for re-election this year, admitted the state responded too slowly to the storm. He announced a new severe weather warning notification system on Monday and named a state task force that will explore ways to improve the government response to storms.(Editing by Colleen Jenkins and Gunna Dickson)
Colleen Jenkins and Gunna Dickson
186
http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/12/20/silkroad-indictment-idUSL2N0JZ1BE20131220
U.S. charges three connected with Silk Road marketplace
Fri Dec 20, 2013 12:46pm EST
  NEW YORK Dec 20 Three men were indicted in the United States on Friday in connection with Silk Road, the anonymous Internet black-market bazaar for illegal drugs like heroin and cocaine.The indictment, unsealed in New York, charges Andrew Jones, Gary Davis and Peter Nash with conspiracy to engage in narcotics trafficking, computer hacking and money laundering. The charges followed the arrest in October of alleged Silk Road founder Ross Ulbricht, who is known online as "Dread Pirate Roberts." U.S. authorities shut Silk Road down at the time of Ulbricht's, though last month a new anonymous marketplace carrying the same name and appearance debuted online. Jones, 24, and Davis, 25, acted as site administrators for Silk Road, while Nash, 40, was the primary moderator for the website's discussion forums, the indictment said.   (Reporting by Nate Raymond in New York)
Nate Raymond in New York
187
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/01/20/us-usa-crime-ricin-idUSKBN0KT2G020150120
New York man charged with trying to buy ricin 'death pills' online
Tue Jan 20, 2015 4:48pm EST
  NEW YORK A Manhattan man tried to buy the biological toxin ricin from an undercover agent posing as a drug vendor on an online black marketplace, U.S. authorities said in criminal charges unsealed on Tuesday.The man, Cheng Le, has been in federal custody since he was arrested on Dec. 23, and is set to appear in federal court on Friday, according to the Manhattan U.S. Attorney's Office. His lawyer Patrick Brackley said Le intends to plead not guilty. "It's a complex case and we're working through the facts," he said. A grand jury indicted Le on one count of attempting to obtain a biological toxin and one count of using a false name in the furtherance of unlawful business, according to the court filings. The criminal complaint against Le said he used an unidentified black marketplace located within the "dark web," a space on the Internet in which users' true identities remain hidden while they communicate. Le allegedly contacted an agent who had taken over an online identity that had been previously used by a trafficker in illicit materials and asked to buy several lethal doses of ricin, a highly potent toxin derived from castor oil plant seeds. "Do you have any recommendation for administering the dose?" Le wrote to the agent, according to the complaint. "Injection can be difficult to pull off. Ricin doesn't work immediately. You wouldn't expect the target not to fight back after being jabbed." The complaint said Le wanted the agent to send the ricin to a shipping store near his apartment where he maintained a postal box. He appeared to have plans to resell the ricin to buyers looking for ways to commit murder without being detected, and later asked the agent to put the ricin into pill form: "If you can make them into simple and easy death pills, they'd become bestsellers," he wrote, according to the complaint.U.S. authorities have been working to crack down on online marketplaces for drugs and other illegal materials. Over the past two years they have seized and shut down several such sites, including the black market bazaar Silk Road, whose alleged founder Ross Ulbricht is currently on trial in New York for related offenses. Authorities last year shut down a successor site, Silk Road 2.0, but other sites, including one called Evolution Marketplace, are still operation, according to the cyber watchdog group Digital Citizens Alliance.  (Reporting By Emily Flitter; Editing by Tom Brown)
Emily Flitter
188
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/11/10/china-infrastructure-idUSL6N0T01JT20141110
China interested in Singapore-Malaysia high-speed rail, Chile ports-Xinhua
Mon Nov 10, 2014 4:06am EST
  SHANGHAI Nov 10 China is keen to help build a Malaysia-Singapore high-speed rail link and also to get involved in the construction of Chile's railways and ports, the official Xinhua news agency reported Premier Li Keqiang as saying on Monday.The interest, expressed at meetings with leaders from Malaysia and Chile on the sidelines of a gathering of Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation leaders, comes amid growing efforts by China to export its rail technology and take part in overseas projects.Li told Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak China was willing to "actively participate" in the Singapore-Malaysia high-speed rail, Xinhua reported. It did not provide details. Singapore and Malaysia said in February last year that they planned to build a high-speed rail link by 2020 that would cut travel time between the city-state and Kuala Lumpur to 90 minutes, without giving a cost estimate. In a separate Monday meeting with Chile's President Michelle Bachelet, Li said China was keen to take part in Chile's rail, ports and utility projects and also to widen its involvement in South American construction projects, Xinhua said. Chinese railway firms have been ramping up their efforts to win contracts overseas, particularly in the area of high-speed rail. On Friday, the sector was dealt a blow when Mexico  cancelled a $3.75 billion high-speed rail billion contract from a China-led consortium, which had been a key first win.The Chinese government on Saturday said it would contribute $40 billion to set up a Silk Road infrastructure fund to boost connectivity across Asia. Last month, it unveiled a $50 billion China-backed Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank.     (Reporting by Brenda Goh; Editing by Robert Birsel)
Brenda Goh
189
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/02/16/china-silkroad-idUSL4N0VQ1V420150216
UPDATE 1-China's $40 bln Silk Road fund starts work along PE lines - c.bank
Sun Feb 15, 2015 11:53pm EST
  (Adds c.bank statement, paragraphs 3 and 4)SHANGHAI Feb 16 (Reuters) - China's $40 billion Silk Road infrastructure fund has started work along the lines of a long-term private equity (PE) venture to boost businesses in countries and regions along the road, China's central bank governor was quoted saying on Monday."The fund has already started operations, with registration on Dec. 29 and the first board meeting on Jan. 6," Zhou Xiaochuan, governor of the People's Bank of China (PBOC), told the semi-official China Business News.The fund is partially financed by China's foreign exchange reserves, with investors including China Investment Corp, the country's sovereign fund, the PBOC said in a statement published later on Monday, confirming the news.Other investors were China's Development Bank and The Export-Import Bank of China, two leading Chinese policy banks, which lend in line with government instructions, the central bank said in the statement, without giving further details. China has dangled financial and trade incentives, mostly to Central Asia but also to countries in South Asia, backing efforts to resurrect the old Silk Road trading route that once carried treasures between China and the Mediterranean.Zhou said that the fund is not a state-owned sovereign fund, but was similar to a PE fund, although it planned longer-term investment than other PE funds. "As for how it will be similar to global funds, it is somewhat like the World Bank's IFC (International Finance Corp), the African Development Bank's mutual development fund and the China Africa Development Fund," Zhou said."What is different is that those funds are financed by a handful of investors instead of raising funds from the public." China has said that the Silk Road Fund will be "open" and welcome investors from Asia and beyond, focusing on China's Silk Road Economic Belt and the 21st Century Maritime Silk Road initiative, which aim to build roads, railways, ports and airports across Central Asia and South Asia.Zhou said that China would not aim to develop the fund into a multi-party development organisation, although it would consider setting up subsidiaries and branches in various  industries and regions.He added that the fund would be mainly denominated in foreign currencies, instead of Chinese yuan, and rejected the speculation that the fund is the Chinese-style  Marshall Plan."In its essence, the Silk Road fund is not similar to the Marshall Plan," Zhou said, referring to the U.S. programme to help reconstruct Europe after the World War II.    (Reporting by Lu Jianxin and Sue-Lin Wong)
Lu Jianxin and Sue-Lin Wong
190
http://www.reuters.com/article/2009/12/27/us-uzbekistan-election-idUSTRE5BQ07Z20091227
Apathy and fear as Uzbekistan votes in election
Sun Dec 27, 2009 10:08am EST
  TASHKENT Uzbekistan held a stage-managed parliamentary election on Sunday, drawing little Western criticism due to its important role in U.S.-led efforts to contain the Taliban in neighboring Afghanistan.Central Asia's most populous nation, ex-Soviet Uzbekistan has never held a vote judged free and fair by Western observers.Once critical of the leadership's intolerance of dissent, the West kept quiet before this vote because it wants to engage Tashkent more closely in U.S. efforts in Afghanistan and perhaps persuade it to reopen a key U.S. military air base.The election is certain to hand allies of President Islam Karimov, in power for two decades, all seats in the lower house of parliament. The country has no opposition parties and most pro-democracy figures are in jail or in exile abroad.Karimov, a top Communist Party apparatchik in Soviet days who has overseen a tightly-controlled economy, said a high voter turnout showed his policies were popular."We have been resilient to the crisis thanks to the timely implementation of our anti-crisis program," Russia's Interfax news agency quoted Karimov as saying after casting his ballot at a polling station from which Reuters reporters were kept out.APATHY AND HIGH TURNOUTFearful of reprisals, ordinary people were afraid to give full names to reporters."People here seriously do not care. ... It's not an election," said one young resident of Tashkent, an ancient Silk Road city rebuilt in Soviet times after a ruinous earthquake. A 32-year-old driver called Javokhir said "I am not going. I am not interested. What's a parliament anyway?"Despite widespread apathy, the official turnout was high -- about 80 percent by 5 p.m. (7 a.m. EST), Russia's RIA news agency reported. In an echo of its Soviet past, voting in Uzbekistan is often compulsory in neighborhoods and companies.The election monitoring arm of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe did not send a full mission, saying none of its earlier recommendations had been implemented.In Tashkent, witnesses saw cases of multiple voting. One elderly woman brought a pile of passports to a polling station and was seen posting several ballots into a sealed box. The central election commission could not be reached for comment despite numerous attempts.The United States effectively cut off ties with Tashkent in 2005 after condemning it for opening fire on protesters in the city of Andizhan, killing hundreds, according to witnesses.The Uzbek government says the events were orchestrated by Islamist extremists trying to topple it.Shortly afterwards Uzbekistan -- an agrarian nation with large oil, gas, gold and uranium reserves but where up to a quarter of the population lives below the poverty line -- evicted U.S. troops from an air base used for Afghan operations. Talks on reopening the base resumed as the Afghan war took central stage in President Barack Obama's foreign policy, diplomats say.Top officials such as Central Command chief General David Petraeus have made frequent visits to Tashkent, and Uzbekistan has agreed to allow supplies to pass through its territory en route to Afghanistan, with which it shares a long border.The European Union lifted sanctions on Uzbekistan in October, citing progress on human rights.In Sunday's vote, candidates from four parties are contesting 150 seats in the lower house. The Ecological Movement of Uzbekistan, focused solely on environmental issues, automatically gets 15 seats in the chamber.The four parties have publicly criticized each other, mainly over social policy, while praising Karimov's achievements.Shirin, an elderly woman selling dried fruit in a busy Tashkent market, saw little grounds for optimism."I really want things to change," said the pensioner who stands in the cold for hours each day selling her produce to save money for her son's wedding. "But I don't know if it's possible. It's very hard to hope."(Writing by Maria Golovnina in Almaty; editing by Philippa Fletcher)
Maria Golovnina in Almaty
191
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/08/01/us-china-xinjiang-idUSKBN0G14D020140801
Nine more killed after week of violence in China's Xinjiang
Fri Aug 1, 2014 11:36am EDT
  BEIJING Nine militants were shot dead and one captured in China's restive far western region of Xinjiang on Friday, state media said, the latest bout of violence in a week in which dozens have been killed there.The official Xinhua news agency said the incident happened in a rural area close to Hotan city in Xinjiang's far south, when more than 30,000 civilians involved in a counter-terror operation with police saw "signs" of a terror gang in a corn field."Police and the 30,000 civilians in unison surrounded the terror gang, and forced them into an abandoned house," the report said.Explosive devices were thrown at both the police and civilians, and the police "took decisive action" and shot dead the attackers, the report said.The operation had begun on Sunday when local people tipped police off about the existence of the gang, the report said. China usually uses terms like "terror gang" to describe Islamist militants or separatists.Xinjiang, home to the Muslim Uighur people, who speak a Turkic language, has been beset for years by violence which the government blames on Islamist militants or separatists who it says want an independent state called East Turkestan.     Exiled Uighur groups and human rights activists say the government's repressive policies in Xinjiang, including controls on Islam, have provoked unrest - a claim Beijing denies.Hundreds have been killed in Xinjiang in the past year and a half, and the past few days have seen a series of deadly incidents, including the murder of a prominent pro-government imam at a major mosque in the old Silk Road city of Kashgar.  State media reported on Wednesday that a gang armed with knives had attacked a police station and government offices on Monday in the town of Elixku, in Shache county.The government said dozens of knife-wielding attackers were shot dead in Shache but has yet to give a full account of what happened in the county, which lies 200 km (125 miles) from Kashgar. Police appeared to be on high alert on Wednesday, pouring into Kashgar and closing off roads.  (Reporting by Ben Blanchard; Additional reporting by Chen Aizhu; Editing by Catherine Evans and Susan Fenton)
Ben Blanchard
192
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/04/30/idUSFWN0XR02W20150430
BRIEF-Accu Holding FY profit after tax up at CHF 2.127 mln
Thu Apr 30, 2015 2:24am EDT
  April 30 Accu Holding AG :* FY 2014 group profit after tax amounted to 2.127 million Swiss francs ($2.26 million); (previous year: profit of 1.153 million francs)* FY 2014 profit before taxes amounted to 3.106 million Swiss francs (previous year: profit of 2.275 million francs) * FY 2014 consolidated operating profit before interest amounted to 5.86 million francs(previous year: profit of  4.623 million francs) * Sees FY 2015 group sales of 165 million Swiss francs, an EBITDA of 12 million francs to take into account and a net profit of 3 million francs without the impact of potential acquisitions Source text - bit.ly/1IpNG2I Further company coverage:   ($1 = 0.9404 Swiss francs)   (Gdynia Newsroom)
None
193
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/03/30/markets-global-idUSL2N0WW1F820150330
GLOBAL MARKETS-Stocks gain on merger activity, dollar rises
Mon Mar 30, 2015 1:00pm EDT
  * China shares hit seven-year high on new Silk Road project* Deals on both sides of Atlantic lift European, U.S. shares* Dollar broadly higher as Fed seen raising rates this year* Oil slips as traders await Iran nuclear talks   (Adds close of European stock, bond markets)By Herbert LashNEW YORK, March 30  (Reuters) - The dollar rose and global equity markets surged on Monday on merger and acquisition activity among drugmakers on both sides of the Atlantic, while Chinese stocks hit a seven-year high on an ambitious government plan to create a modern Silk Road.A spate of deals lifted major U.S. and European indexes more than 1 percent as the dollar gained versus other currencies on the view the Federal Reserve will raise interest rates this year.Health insurer UnitedHealth Group Inc agreed to buy Catamaran Corp  in a deal worth about $12.8 billion. Also on Monday, Israel's Teva Pharmaceutical Industries   said it would buy U.S. biopharmaceutical firm Auspex Pharmaceuticals Inc for an equity value of $3.5 billion, and Ireland's Horizon Pharma Plc agreed to buy U.S. drugmaker Hyperion Therapeutics Inc for about $1.1 billion.Earlier, China unveiled details of an ambitious plan to improve links from Asia to Europe and Africa that President Xi Jinping said in a decade would generate $2.5 trillion in annual trade with the countries involved.A rally in technology shares in Europe tracked Friday's surge in the U.S. tech sector, helping equities bounce back from losses last week. Germany's DAX index rose 1.8 percent, just 1 percent below its all-time high, while the FTSEurofirst index  of 300 leading European companies gained 1.18 percent to close at 1,596.31.MSCI's all-country world index rose 0.7 percent.On Wall Street, the Dow Jones industrial average rose  274.29 points, or 1.55 percent, to 17,986.95. The S&P 500  is up 23.26 points, or 1.13 percent, to 2,084.28 and the Nasdaq Composite added 45.97 points, or 0.94 percent, to 4,937.19."A lot of it is certainly merger related, there's no question about that, and that gins up confidence among everyday investors. If the insiders are willing to make big acquisitions, why not the rest of us?" said Jack Ablin, chief investment officer at BMO Private Bank in Chicago. The euro slumped against the dollar on worries whether Greece would secure funds from a 240 billion euro aid package before it runs out of cash in three weeks.Athens sounded upbeat about the talks with its creditors, while Germany called for a more detailed list of reforms.The single currency was down 0.57 percent against the dollar at $1.0825, bringing its quarterly decline to about 10.4 percent, its largest since the third quarter of 2008.The dollar rebounded after comments late Friday from Fed Chair Janet Yellen underscored the view that the U.S. central bank is likely to start raising rates gradually later this year.The dollar index, a gauge of the greenback's value against a basket of currencies, climbed 0.70 percent to 97.976 after back-to-back weeks of losses. The greenback was up 0.81 percent against the yen at 120.07 yen.Oil prices slipped as officials from Iran and six world powers discussed a possible deal over Tehran's nuclear program that could bring an end to sanctions and allow an increase in Iranian oil exports.The two sides have until the end of Tuesday to come up with an agreement at talks in Lausanne, Switzerland.Brent crude was down 85 cents at $55.56 a barrel. U.S. crude was down 42 cents at $48.45.U.S. Treasury debt prices softened, giving back some gains from last week as equity markets rose.As Wall Street stocks jumped, yields on the 10-year note  stayed well below the 2 percent touched last week and were last at 1.9632 percent on a price decline of 4/32.German 10-year yields fell 2 basis points to 0.19 percent as data showed consumer prices up 0.1 percent on the year in March.(Reporting by Herbert Lash; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli and Chris Reese)
Herbert Lash
194
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/03/23/oh-cintas-corporation-idUSnBw235029a%2B100%2BBSW20150323
Cast Your Vote! The Polls are Open for the 2015 Janitor of the Year Contest
Mon Mar 23, 2015 8:30am EDT
    Cast Your Vote! The Polls are Open for the 2015 Janitor of the Year        Contest         From the dancing janitor to the custodian who opens the school early to        provide homeless students with a warm place to stay before class, to the        college “mom,” to the man who drives past the school on nights and        weekends to make sure it’s secure, these are only four of the top 10        amazing finalists named in the 2015 Janitor of the Year Contest.        Sponsored by Cintas        Corporation (NASDAQ: CTAS), the Janitor of the Year Contest shines a        spotlight on those who work behind the scenes year-round to make schools        a clean, safe and positive place. Now it’s time for you to cast your        vote for this year’s winner.             “We received nominations for hundreds of amazing janitors across the        nation who go above and beyond every day to help make their schools a        better place,” said Dave Mesko, Senior Director of Marketing, Cintas        Corp. “These 10 finalists truly are standouts – not only because they do        their jobs well, but because they do it with kindness, selflessness and        a smile.”             The 2015 Janitor of the Year will receive a $2,500 cash prize along with        $2,500 in products and services for his or her school from Cintas and        Rubbermaid Commercial Products– not to mention bragging rights. The top        10 finalists are:             1. Sherry Albright – Trine University (Angola, Ind.)             2. Rick Bergum – Tahoma Senior High School (Covington, Wash.)             3. Kenny Bruce – Alden Road Exceptional Student Center (Jacksonville,        Fla.)             4. Les Chapman – Peach Plains Elementary School (Grand Haven, Mich.)             5. Mack Jackson – Washington Elementary STEAM Magnet (San Diego)             6. Bobby Miller – Sharon Elementary School (Charlotte, N.C.)             7. Luis Cruz Rodriguez – Westminster Community Charter School (Buffalo,        N.Y.)             8. Cedric Story – Carter G. Woodson Elementary (Jacksonville, Fla.)             9. Dave Terbush – Dakota Valley Elementary School (Aurora, Colo.)             10. Barbara Watson – Pinewood Elementary School (Charlotte, N.C.)             To read more about the finalists and cast your vote, please visit www.cintas.com/janitoroftheyear.        Voting will be open through Friday, May 1. Visitors to the site can cast        one vote per day.             For more information, please contact Jennifer Petersen at 312-664-1532        or jpetersen@mulberrymc.com.       About Cintas Corporation:         Headquartered in Cincinnati, Cintas Corporation provides highly        specialized services to businesses of all types primarily throughout        North America. Cintas designs, manufactures and implements corporate        identity uniform programs, and provides entrance mats, restroom        supplies, first aid, safety and fire protection products and services.        Cintas is a publicly held company traded over the Nasdaq Global Select        Market under the symbol CTAS and is a component of the Standard & Poor’s        500 Index.                Mulberry Marketing CommunicationsJennifer Petersen, 312-664-1532jpetersen@mulberrymc.com        
None
195
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/01/12/us-china-xinjiang-idUSKBN0KL0GQ20150112
Police in China shoot dead six in restive Xinjiang
Mon Jan 12, 2015 4:46am EST
  BEIJING A group of "mobsters" on Monday tried to set off an explosive device in a business district in China's troubled western region of Xinjiang, prompting police to shoot six of them dead, the local government said. Hundreds of people have been killed in resource-rich Xinjiang, strategically located on the borders of central Asia, in violence in the past two years between the Muslim Uighur people who call the region home and ethnic majority Han Chinese.The government has also blamed attacks elsewhere in China, including Beijing, on Islamist militants from Xinjiang.Monday's violence came two months after 15 people were killed when a group threw explosives into a crowded street of vendors selling food in Xinjiang.Police in Shule county, south of the old Silk Road city of Kashgar, had acted on a tip-off about "a suspicious person carrying an explosive device", the Xinjiang government said on its official news website.   An axe-wielding individual tried to attack police officers and set off an explosive device, prompting the officers to shoot him, the government said. The report added that police trying to dispose of an explosive device were attacked by five "thugs" who sought to detonate it, but did not make clear if this was a separate incident. Police killed the men, according to the government.The report said there were no other casualties, but gave no details of the assailants.China's allegations were an "excuse to cover up the excessive use of force", said Dilxat Raxit, spokesman for exile group the World Uyghur Congress. "China's hostile policy will only provoke more turbulence there," he said in emailed comments.Many Uighurs call Xinjiang East Turkestan. China often blames frequent outbreaks of violence there on extremists agitating for an independent nation.Exiled Uighur groups and human rights activists say the government's repressive policies in Xinjiang, including controls on Islam, have provoked unrest. Beijing denies this. In a previous outbreak of violence in Shule in 2008, at the time of the Olympic Games in Beijing, three security officers were stabbed to death and another wounded by attackers police described as "terrorists".Xinjiang is crucial to China's growing energy needs, but analysts say the bulk of the proceeds from sales of its resources has gone to majority Han Chinese, stoking resentment among Uighurs.China has blamed the East Turkestan Islamic Movement for past attacks, but experts and rights groups have cast doubt on its existence as a cohesive group. (Reporting by Sui-Lee Wee; Editing by Nick Macfie and Clarence Fernandez)
Sui-Lee Wee
196
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/05/06/us-china-economy-trade-idUSKBN0NR14T20150506
China eyes export fillip in modern Silk Road
Wed May 6, 2015 7:09am EDT
  BEIJING China should make use of its plans to build a modern Silk Road to drive its exports of rail, energy, construction and telecommunication equipment, the country's cabinet said on Wednesday.Formally known as the "One Belt, One Road" project, the new Silk Road scheme should adopt flexible investment and construction policies to lift overseas demand and employment and drive China's equipment exports, the State Council said.China's financial sector should also be developed to drive exports, the cabinet said in an online statement after a weekly meeting. A yuan payments system will be built, regulations for overseas investment simplified, and more uses found for China's $3.7 trillion foreign exchange reserves.The new Silk Road project aims to build an array of infrastructure links across Central, West and South Asia to as far as Greece, Russia and Oman, increasing China's connections to Europe and Africa. President Xi Jinping said in March that he hoped China's annual trade with the countries along the modern Silk Road would surpass $2.5 trillion in about a decade. Back home, red-tape will be cut for at least 200 business proceedings that require governmental approval, the cabinet said.And to increase the privatization of Chinese healthcare, residents who buy private health insurance will get tax rebates for premium payments of less than 2,400 yuan ($387).  (Reporting by Koh Gui Qing; Editing by Jacqueline Wong)
Koh Gui Qing
197
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/05/11/ny-inter-parfums-idUSnBw116396a%2B100%2BBSW20150511
Inter Parfums, Inc. Reports 2015 First Quarter Results
Mon May 11, 2015 4:05pm EDT
    Inter Parfums, Inc. Reports 2015 First Quarter        Results   Diluted EPS up 10.3%         Inter Parfums, Inc. (NASDAQ GS: IPAR) today reported results for the        first quarter ended March 31, 2015.       First Quarter 2015 Compared to First Quarter 2014:            Net sales were $109.2 million compared to $121.7 million; at          comparable foreign currency exchange rates, net sales decreased 2.8%;                 European-based operations generated net sales of $86.7 million          compared to $102.3 million;                 Sales by U.S.-based operations rose 16% to $22.5 million from $19.4          million;                 Gross margin was 61.9% of net sales compared to 56.9%;                 S,G&A expense as a percentage of net sales was 42.6% for both periods;                 Operating income was $21.1 million, up 20.9% compared to $17.4 million;                 Operating margin rose to 19.3% compared to 14.3%;                 Net income attributable to Inter Parfums, Inc. was $10.0 million or          $0.32 per diluted share compared to $8.9 million or $0.29 per diluted          share.                Jean Madar, Chairman & CEO of Inter Parfums, Inc. noted, “As we reported        last month, the comparable quarterly decline in sales by our        European-based operations was primarily due to two factors. One was the        nearly 20% depreciation of the euro versus the dollar, which concealed        meaningful gains by two of our largest brands, Montblanc and Jimmy Choo,        where in local currency brand sales rose 19% and 52%, respectively. In        dollars however, Montblanc brand sales declined 2% while Jimmy Choo        brand sales rose only 25%. The second factor was last year’s launch of        Karl Lagerfeld’s signature scents for men and women, which produced more        than $13 million in brand sales in the first quarter of 2014 compared to        $2.5 million in the current first quarter. Offsetting some of the sales        decline by our European-based operations was the 16% increase by our        U.S.-based operations, which unveiled two new products during the        quarter, Extraordinary by Oscar de la Renta and Icon by        Dunhill, and sales of both have surpassed our expectations.”             On the subject of new product launches for European operations slated        for the year, Mr. Madar noted, “The new fragrance line-up is rich in        2015 and has already begun with a men’s and women’s fragrance, Boucheron Quatre.        There will also be a women’s version of Emblem by Montblanc, a        new Jimmy Choo women’s scent called Blossom, Repetto Eau        Florale, and still another for Van Cleef & Arpels. New entrants for        men are also in the works. We will be unveiling one for Balmain, the        first new men’s scent created by Inter Parfums, and one each for men and        women for Lanvin. Also planned is Private Klub by Karl Lagerfeld,        a fragrance duo, with a scent for both men and women. For U.S.        operations, in addition to the continuing geographic rollout of Extraordinary        by Oscar de la Renta and Icon by Dunhill, we have Romantica        by Anna Sui launching in the fall. The Silk Road Collection by        Shanghai Tang just had its official launch with rollout ensuing in        different regions throughout the summer and early fall.”             He went on to say, “We already have 2016 in our sights. In addition to        product launches in the pipeline for our existing brands, we are also        developing programs and business plans for the four new brands that have        or soon will be joining our portfolio: Abercrombie & Fitch, Hollister,        Rochas and Coach. We continue to expect to close on the Rochas        acquisition mid-year.”             Discussing factors impacting profitability, Russell Greenberg, Executive        Vice President and CFO of Inter Parfums, Inc. again stated, “For our        European operations, a strong U.S. dollar has a positive effect on our        gross margin while a weak U.S. dollar has a negative effect. The average        dollar/euro exchange rate for the three months ended March 31, 2015 was        1.13, as compared to 1.37 for the 2014 period, and this resulted in a        64.7% gross profit margin for European operations, compared to 59.6% in        last year’s first quarter. With selling, general and administrative        expense as a percent of sales equal to last year’s first quarter, 2015        first quarter operating income rose 21%. However, due to the recent and        exceptional volatility in currency exchange rates, in the current first        quarter, foreign currency losses aggregated $2.0 million versus a        negligible gain in the same period one year earlier. The loss incurred        for the three months ended March 31, 2015, primarily represents losses        from intercompany accounts between our majority owned subsidiary,        Interparfums SA, and its other foreign subsidiaries, which were not        hedged by the use of foreign currency forward exchange contracts.”             Mr. Greenberg pointed out, “We closed the quarter with working capital        of $356 million, including approximately $243 million in cash, cash        equivalents and short-term investments, and no long-term debt.”       2015 Guidance         Mr. Greenberg concluded by saying, “We are once again affirming our        current 2015 guidance with net sales of approximately $470 million and        net income per share attributable to Inter Parfums, Inc. in the range of        $0.98 to $1.00 per diluted share. Our guidance for 2015 assumes the        dollar remains at current levels and does not include any potential        sales of Coach or Rochas branded products.”       Dividend         The Company’s regular quarterly cash dividend of $0.13 per share will be        paid on July 15, 2015 to shareholders of record on June 30, 2015.       Conference Call         Management will conduct a conference call to discuss financial results        and business developments at 11:00 AM ET on Tuesday, May 12, 2015.        Interested parties may participate in the call by dialing (201)        493-6749; please call in 10 minutes before the conference call is        scheduled to begin and ask for the Inter Parfums call. The conference        call will also be broadcast live over the Internet. To listen to the        live call, please go to www.interparfumsinc.com        and click on the Investor Relations section. Please go to the website at        least 15 minutes early to register, and download and install any        necessary audio software. If you are unable to listen live, the        conference call will be archived and can be accessed for approximately        90 days at Inter Parfums’ website. We suggest listeners use Microsoft        Explorer as their browser.             In the more than 30 years since its founding, Inter Parfums, Inc. has        been selected as the fragrance and beauty partner for a growing list of        brands that include Abercrombie & Fitch, Agent Provocateur, Anna Sui,        Balmain, Banana Republic, bebe, Boucheron, Coach, Dunhill, Gap,        Hollister, Jimmy Choo, Karl Lagerfeld, Lanvin, Montblanc, Oscar de la        Renta, Paul Smith, Repetto, Shanghai Tang, S.T. Dupont and Van Cleef &        Arpels. Inter Parfums is known for innovation, quality and its ability        to capture the genetic code of each brand in the products it develops,        manufactures and distributes in over 100 countries worldwide.             Statements in this release which are not historical in nature are        forward-looking statements. Although we believe that our plans,        intentions and expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements        are reasonable, we can give no assurance that such plans, intentions or        expectations will be achieved. In some cases you can identify        forward-looking statements by forward-looking words such as        "anticipate," "believe," "could," "estimate," "expect," "intend," "may,"        "should," "will," and "would," or similar words. You should not rely on        forward-looking statements because actual events or results may differ        materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a        result of a number of important factors. These factors include, but are        not limited to, the risks and uncertainties discussed under the headings        “Forward Looking Statements” and "Risk Factors" in Inter Parfums' annual        report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014 and the        reports Inter Parfums files from time to time with the Securities and        Exchange Commission. Inter Parfums does not intend to and undertakes no        duty to update the information contained in this press release.                                      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME                   (In thousands except per share data)                 (Unaudited)                                                Three months endedMarch 31,                           2015                                           2014                                                                             Net sales               $                     109,249                         $                     121,730                                               Cost of sales                                     41,639                                                                   52,500                                                                   Gross margin                 67,610                           69,230                                               Selling, general and administrative expenses                                     46,544                                                                   51,807                                                                   Income from operations                                     21,066                                                                   17,423                                                                   Other expenses (income):                       Interest expense                         158                           273                         Loss (gain) on foreign currency                         2,006                           (49                     )                       Interest and dividend income                                             (1,196                     )                                             (1,111                     )                                                                                 968                                                                   (887                     )                                             Income before income taxes                 20,098                           18,310                                                         Income taxes                                             6,793                                                                   6,160                                                                   Net income                 13,305                           12,150                                                         Less: Net income attributable to the noncontrolling interest                                             3,298                                                                   3,256                                                                   Net income attributable to Inter Parfums, Inc.               $                     10,007                                             $                     8,894                                                                   Net income attributable to Inter Parfums, Inc. common            shareholders:                       Basic                       $                     0.32                         $                     0.29                         Diluted                       $                     0.32                                             $                     0.29                                                                   Weighted average number of shares outstanding:                       Basic                         30,979                           30,900                         Diluted                                             31,072                                                                   31,058                                                                                                   Dividends declared per share               $                     0.13                                             $                     0.12                                                                                                      CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS                   (In thousands except share and per share data)                             (Unaudited)                                        ASSETS                                       March 31,                         2015                                              December 31,2014             Current assets:                       Cash and cash equivalents                       $                     87,242                         $                     90,138                         Short-term investments                         155,938                           190,152                         Accounts receivable, net                         96,387                           90,124                         Inventories                         104,554                           102,326                         Receivables, other                         1,473                           1,542                         Other current assets                         4,665                           4,504                         Income taxes receivable                         333                           929                         Deferred tax assets                                             6,953                                                                   6,848                                                                             Total current assets                         457,545                           486,563                                               Equipment and leasehold improvements, net                 8,253                           9,187                                               Trademarks, licenses and other intangible assets, net                 88,012                           98,531                                               Other assets                                     9,953                                                                   10,225                                                                   Total assets               $                     563,763                                             $                     604,506                                                           LIABILITIES AND EQUITY     Current liabilities:                       Loans payable – banks                       $                     425                         $                     298                         Accounts payable – trade                         53,373                           46,646                         Accrued expenses                         38,678                           49,194                         Income taxes payable                         5,466                           3,773                         Dividends payable                                             4,028                                                                   3,717                                                                             Total current liabilities                                             101,970                                                                   103,628                                                                   Deferred tax liability                                     1,894                                                                   2,154                                                                   Equity:                       Inter Parfums, Inc. shareholders’ equity:                                  Preferred stock, $.001 par; authorized1,000,000 shares; none              issued                                     Common stock, $.001 par; authorized 100,000,000 shares;outstanding              30,982,101 and 30,977,293 shares at March 31, 2015 and December              31, 2014, respectively                                                         31                                                           31                            Additional paid-in capital                         60,470                           60,200                         Retained earnings                         380,100                           374,121                         Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)                         (51,059                     )                         (15,823                     )                       Treasury stock, at cost, 9,897,995 shares at March 31, 2015 and            December 31, 2014, respectively                                                (36,464                           )                                                   (36,464                           )                                                          Total Inter Parfums, Inc. shareholders’ equity                         353,078                           382,065                                                         Noncontrolling interest                                             106,821                                                                   116,659                                                                             Total equity                                             459,899                                                                   498,724                                                                   Total liabilities and equity               $                     563,763                                             $                     604,506                                                                                    Inter Parfums, Inc.Russell Greenberg, 212-983-2640Exec. VP &        CFOrgreenberg@interparfumsinc.comwww.interparfumsinc.comorInvestor        Relations CounselThe Equity Group Inc.Fred Buonocore,        212-836-9607fbuonocore@equityny.comorLinda        Latman, 212-836-9609llatman@equityny.comwww.theequitygroup.com      
None
198
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/08/01/us-china-xinjiang-idUSKBN0G13QY20140801
Imam's killing in China may be aimed at making Muslim Uighurs choose sides
Fri Aug 1, 2014 8:23am EDT
  BEIJING The murder of a state-backed imam in China's Xinjiang region underscores an escalation in 18 months of violence and could be part of a bid by extremists to persuade moderate Muslim Uighurs to turn against Beijing's controlled current of Islam.The targeting of Uighur officials or religious leaders has been an undercurrent of unrest for some 20 years in Xinjiang, where members of the Uighur minority are unhappy at official restrictions on their culture and religion.Jume Tahir, the imam at China's largest mosque, Id Kah, in the Silk Road city of Kashgar, was killed on Wednesday by three suspected Islamist militants armed with knives. His predecessor narrowly survived a knife attack in the same spot in 1996.But the attack contrasted with most recent violence aimed at the majority Han ethnic group and may be calculated to persuade Uighurs to fall in behind what China says are separatists seeking an independent state called East Turkestan."Part of the motivation is not simply to remove and put pressure on the state-backed officials, but also to make an impact on those who attend these mosques, the stability minded Uighurs," said Michael Clarke of Australia's Griffith University."In a sense, it is attempting to signal that this is a conflict that is now society wide. You have to now choose sides."Tahir, 74, whose name is also spelled Juma Tayir, was a well-known supporter of Beijing authorities and had backed the government after security forces crushed 2009 riots in Urumqi, Xinjiang's capital. About 200 people died.A figure who divided Uighur public opinion, he was killed days after police shot dead dozens of attackers brandishing knives in a district about 200 km (125 miles) away, according to the official Xinhua news agency. China has yet to give a full account of that incident. [ID:nL4N0Q64V5] State media reported the murder about 36 hours after witnesses described to Reuters the chaotic scene outside the mosque after morning prayers. Two attackers were later shot dead by police and the third was arrested. All the attackers had Uighur names.KEY TO THE "CHESSBOARD"Tensions are running high in Xinjiang, after officials told Muslims to eschew religious customs during the fasting month of Ramadan, which rights groups saw as an bid to repress Uighurs.China punishes the study of Islam outside the confines of tightly controlled state mosques. As part of a crackdown on extremism, Xinjiang has offered rewards for tips on anyone offering independent study of the Koran. Students, officials and members of the officially atheist Communist Party are barred from mosques. [ID:nL4N0PF0XO]Henryk Szadziewski of the Washington-based Uyghur Human Rights Project, says imams studying in Chinese state-approved Islamic institutes must adhere to a strict system.Only a fraction of their time is devoted to the study of Islam, with most directed at political study sessions. Sermons are subject to approval and are monitored.Szadziewski said tight state control on religion make it difficult to gauge how most Uighurs view pro-Beijing imams, but he said most wanted nothing to do with violence. "The vast majority of Uighurs do not perceive assassination as any kind of positive action for their community, whatever their view," he said in emailed responses to questions.Government leaders say they are aware of a sustained effort needed to address violence in Xinjiang. Zhang Chunxian, the region's Communist Party boss, said  poverty-stricken southern Xinjiang, the epicentre of this week's unrest, was the key to the "chessboard".  "We must put southern Xinjiang as the highest priority in anti-terrorism and stability maintenance duties," Zhang said in an article in party journal Qiushi released on Friday.But so far, experts say, there is no indication that Beijing is addressing the issues of religious freedom, that, coupled with economic marginalization of Uighurs and the influx of Han laborers, has contributed to the region's volatility.The response to Tahir's murder, Szadziewski said, probably would be even greater scrutiny of religious practices."Misunderstandings and insensitive behavior on the part of state security can easily develop into incidents that perpetuate the cycle of violence." (Editing by Ron Popeski)
Ron Popeski
199
http://www.reuters.com/article/2011/09/09/us-china-xinjiang-idUSTRE7880CE20110909
Insight: China's war on terror widens Xinjiang's ethnic divide
Thu Sep 8, 2011 9:27pm EDT
  URUMQI, China The filthy back alleys and packed mosques of the remote far western Chinese city of Urumqi are one of the more obscure front lines in the U.S.-backed war on terror, launched after the September 11 attacks on New York and Washington.Streets crawl with baton-wielding riot police and heavily armed SWAT teams brought in for a trade fair in a tense reminder that China considers the region fertile ground for terrorism and Islamic radicalism, a claim many scoff at.Ten years ago, China used the 9/11 attacks to justify getting tough with what it said were al Qaeda-backed extremists who wanted to bring similar carnage to Xinjiang, a heavily Muslim region with close cultural links to Central Asia.A sweeping crackdown on Uighurs (pronounced "Wee-gur"), the Turkic-speaking people who call Xinjiang home, followed.China has used a carrot and stick approach, going after Uighurs it suspects of harboring separatist views, but also pumping in billions of dollars to boost development and lessen the appeal of the militants.But a decade later, residents of Xinjiang's bustling regional capital Urumqi and rights groups say the effect has only been to widen the divide between Uighurs and the Han Chinese majority, and fan the deeper causes of unrest.China's often ruthless methods of control in Xinjiang, and in neighboring Tibet, underscore its strategic location for the ruling Communist Party, on the borders of Central Asia, Pakistan, India and Afghanistan.Beijing sees Xinjiang as bulwark facing the Muslim nations of central Asia, and, with a sixth of the country's land mass, as an important and largely empty space to offer some relief to the teeming provinces to the east. The land also is rich in natural resources, including oil, coal and gas.Any disintegration of control could wreak havoc for the world's second largest economy, whose growth Beijing sees as key to maintaining social stability and the Party's grip on power.Many Uighurs say the past decade has seen them tarred with the same brush -- a fifth column bent on China's disintegration. Riots between Uighurs and Han in Urumqi two years ago killed almost 200 people, only deepening the mutual suspicion."We used to mix with the Chinese but no longer. That restaurant there once had many Chinese customers. None dare to come here now," said trader Anwar, pointing across the street to a kebab shop in Urumqi's heavily Uighur old quarter.He was once able to travel outside of China fairly easily on business for a food import company he set up in the late 1990s. In recent years, his trips abroad have tailed off to zero."The Chinese are bad people. They are Communists and have no god. We are Muslims, and God is in every one of our hearts. There are no areas in life where we can intersect now."The Han who dominate Urumqi, rarely venturing far into the old quarter, say they in turn have little time for the Uighurs.If anything, the Uighurs are treated too well, Han Chinese say, spoiled by preferential places at university and no restrictions on the number of children they can have."WE HAVE TO HELP THEM""They're a very backward people. Look at how many children they produce. We get fined it we have more than one, but they can have as many as they want," said Yan Haisen, born in Urumqi but whose family is from the poor inland province of Henan."We have to be here to help them develop and to bring them some culture," added Yan as his uncle nodded in agreement. The rather benign Han view of Uighurs which existed pre-September 11, 2001 -- as wild, slightly lawless but generally affable and colorful people who love dancing and singing -- has been replaced with something much more sinister."The Chinese government has always applied labels to Uighurs who chafe at its rule in Xinjiang. They were feudal landlords first, then they were Soviet stooges, then they were counter-revolutionaries, then they were separatists and after 9/11 they became terrorists," said Nicholas Bequelin, a researcher on China for Human Rights Watch."Unfortunately, contrary to their previous labels this one stuck because of the massive hijacking of security agencies around the world of power and resources in the name of the war on terror," he added.China has exerted considerable diplomatic pressure on Asian countries, notably Cambodia, Thailand, Malaysia and Kazakhstan, where Uighurs have claimed asylum. It has urged deportation, saying they are wanted to face terrorism and other charges.A small number of Uighurs were indeed swept up by the U.S. government during the Afghanistan war launched after the 9/11 attacks, though rights groups said they were simply in the wrong place at the wrong time, having fled persecution at home.Despite Chinese protests, the U.S. ended up ruling they were not "enemy combatants," and sent them to a range of countries, including the balmy Pacific island state of Palau.The irony of all the security in Urumqi and elsewhere in Xinjiang is that many experts do not consider al Qaeda or its supposed ally, the "East Turkestan Islamic Movement," to have anywhere near the influence China portrays.China invariably blames attacks on the group, which the United States and United Nations regard as a terrorist organization. Still there are doubts about its strength, or even existence.Al Qaeda leaders have in the past issued statements in support of Xinjiang, for example calling in 2009 for Uighurs to make preparations for a holy war against "oppressive" China. Experts, however, say those links seem tenuous. "We don't see organised, sophisticated weaponry, we haven't even seen any real documented suicide bombers, which is the hallmark of these kinds of groups," said Dru Gladney, an expert on Xinjiang at Pomona College in California."My sense is that in general Uighurs continue to be very resistant to violent terrorism. They think it'll only hurt their cause."The Uighurs who spoke to Reuters in Urumqi, who all asked not to be identified by their last names due to the sensitive nature of the subject, said violence was an unfortunate but natural result of government policies."We're being invaded by the Han. It's a deliberate policy against us, to flood us with migrants," complained shoe seller Mehmeti, struggling to string a sentence together in his poor and heavily accented Mandarin."People are starting to lose hope that things will ever get better for us, so what do you expect? We are not terrorists."Some Han are equally unconvinced, even if they view the causes of unrest differently."I get angry when I read that Xinjiang is this center for terrorism and violence. It's not true. A few problems every now and again should not blacken Xinjiang's name," said Urumqi resident Lin Sen, 23, among new tower blocks of one of the city's heavily Han suburbs."Some Uighurs want to live apart from the rest of society because of differences in their lifestyle. We have to show them the benefits of being a part of modern China," he added.The idea of better Uighur integration is one of the driving forces behind China's ambitious plans for Xinjiang. FRUITS OF DEVELOPMENTAnnual incomes in rural areas, where most Uighurs live, averaged just 4,600 yuan ($720) last year, more than 1,000 yuan below the national average and more than 5,000 yuan below the top province, Zhejiang, in eastern China.Beijing has pumped billions of dollars into Xinjiang over the years, giving it hospitals, schools, roads, railways and airports, hoping to win over its people with the bounty of economic growth and fruits of development.China's main state-owned companies will double their investments in Xinjiang over the next five years to an eye-popping 991.6 billion yuan ($155 billion), state media said."If the economy develops then the standard of living will rise hugely and that will naturally benefit stability," said Jia Tingyi, deputy head of Yarkand county, close to the old Silk Road city of Kasghar, a hotbed of unrest."All peoples of Xinjiang will benefit from development, not just one ethnicity," he said at the trade fair, which boasts it aims to turn Urumqi into a global trading hub"There are only a small number of bad people in Xinjiang in any case," added Jia, an ethnic Han.The fair, whose guest of honor was Pakistan President Asif Ali Zardari, also underscored the challenge facing China in trying to bridge Xinjiang's yawning ethnic divide.Almost all the Chinese companies present were Han owned, with those few Uighurs who made it through the security cordon mostly made up of officials, reporters for state media and heavily made-up young women ushers."All this trade fair has meant to me is a drop in business because the government has banned people from the rest of Xinjiang coming here for security reasons," grumbled clothes seller Abdul.Another clumsily handled recent policy meant to help Uighurs has been bilingual education. This is not aimed at teaching the Han to speak Uighur, something few of them try. Instead, Mandarin is replacing Uighur as the main language of instruction at Uighur schools, the aim being that fluent Mandarin will give greater job opportunities for Uighurs.That hasn't helped Akhbar, who graduated from a top Xinjiang university with a science degree and speaks perfect Mandarin. He says he has been unable to find any work better than selling imported Pakistani nick-nacks to tourists."Now they are trying to wipe out our language too, forcing our children to do almost all of their schooling in Mandarin. I would say 99 percent of Uighur people oppose this," he said.More than a few Uighurs say their only alternative may be to draw closer to Islam, and by doing so, further the distance between themselves and the officially atheist Communist Party, as well as the Han Chinese. While many Uighur women in Urumqi dress in much the same casual fashions as their Han counterparts, others have begun to wear full veils.Some swathe themselves head-to-toe in black."I think it's a very special thing to do, to keep yourself for your man's eyes only," said student Golbari, 18, wearing a t-shirt and tight jeans."I might like to try it one day. It's the international trend in the Muslim world," she added. "But I'm not sure my parents would approve. They're very liberal."(Editing by Nick Macfie and Brian Rhoads)
Nick Macfie and Brian Rhoads
200
http://www.reuters.com/article/2007/06/24/us-afghan-minarets-idUSKLR7411420070624
Cars, not war, may finally topple Afghan minarets
Sun Jun 24, 2007 7:47pm EDT
  HERAT, Afghanistan They survived three decades of war but risk being toppled by road traffic -- the last five mediaeval minarets of Herat are being slowly shaken to dust.The minarets are all that remain of what was once a wonder of art and architecture, a brilliantly decorated complex of Islamic learning and devotion on the Silk Road in western Afghanistan.Little more than a century ago, more than a dozen of these minarets peered over the ancient city of Herat, part of a madrassa-mosque complex built in the 15th century by the daughter-in-law of the all-conquering mogul emperor Timur.War and neglect have since toppled most of the camel-colored mud-brick towers, which were once sheathed in sparkling blue, green, white and black mosaic tiles, reaching heights of more than 100 feet and shining out across the desert.But after U.S.-led forces evicted the Taliban from national power in 2001, a relative amount of both peace and prosperity has returned to Herat and there are hopes that they can be preserved.But there is one big problem: traffic.Trucks and cars rumble along a busy road that runs right through the middle of the group of remaining minarets, shaking the ground and sending tremors through their foundations.If it is not closed, there are fears that any of the minarets could crumble or fall in the coming years and decades. One of them is already on a dangerous tilt."In the past five years, we tried to block the road going close to the minarets. Fortunately, we succeeded and blocked the road -- for a little bit," said Ayamuddin Ajmal, who runs the Culture Ministry's historical monuments office in Herat. But residents objected and the provincial government, unable or unwilling to invest in a road diversion, backed down, he said.The road reopened."The government has also a commitment regarding preserving the minarets, but still we see that the government has not blocked the road," said Ajmal, who keeps a small office in a niche of another of Herat's treasures, the Friday Mosque.WORLD HERITAGEThe Afghan government has submitted the old city of Herat, including the minarets, as a candidate for listing as a World Heritage site. This would put Herat in the same class as China's Great Wall, the pyramids of Egypt and the Acropolis of Athens. In theory, both central and provincial governments support the closure of the road to preserve the minarets, but in reality there is insufficient political will to do so.The road has not only remained open, it has actually been widened in the past few years, said Brendan Cassar, a culture consultant for UNESCO, the U.N. body that works with national governments to preserve sites of world cultural significance."There has to be some kind of will to preserve the heritage, some kind of expression of interest that this is important to Afghanistan's cultural heritage and therefore important to world heritage," Cassar said at UNESCO's tiny office in Kabul.The old city of Herat is already on the tentative list for inclusion on UNESCO's register of World Heritage sites. Eventual inscription on the register could help ensure more funding to preserve Herat's antiquities and put the city on the tourist map.But both the Culture Ministry's Ajmal and UNESCO staff in Kabul say local authorities are undermining the old city's character, not only by refusing to close the road through the minarets complex but also by allowing unchecked development. In Afghan terms, Herat is a boom town, thanks largely to blossoming trade across the nearby border with Iran, less than a two-hour drive away on a sealed highway.New shimmering buildings of glass and concrete are sprouting up, overlooking the old city and challenging the minarets' command of the skyline for the first time in six centuries."Many high buildings have been built in Herat city which is against UNESCO rules," Ajmal said. "The height of the buildings inside (old) Herat should not be more than seven metres."Across the road from the tilted minaret, there is a modern building going up that is already well over seven metres tall.The minaret itself is held up by two spans of cable, bracing it against seemingly imminent collapse onto the road. It is only a temporary measure, until the road is closed and the entire site can be secured for preservation and archaeological works.There is a gaping hole about half way up the tower, exposing the stairwell inside, the legacy of a rocket or artillery attack in the 1980s, when Soviet occupiers were fighting mujahideen.The Culture Ministry and UNESCO are continuing to work on a submission for World Heritage status, and UNESCO says it is channeling more than $360,000 of Norwegian money into preservation work into the old city this year alone.But if Afghan authorities at local or national level cannot even close a road, or enforce a building code, UNESCO questions their commitment to protecting their own cultural heritage, despite the economic benefits of creating a tourism drawcard."This is a historical site that can contribute to people's livelihoods for decades to come," Cassar said. "It's jobs."
None
201
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/04/20/us-pakistan-china-idUSKBN0NA12T20150420
China and Pakistan launch economic corridor plan worth $46 billion
Mon Apr 20, 2015 1:31pm EDT
  ISLAMABAD China and Pakistan launched a plan on Monday for energy and infrastructure projects in Pakistan worth $46 billion, linking their economies and underscoring China's economic ambitions in Asia and beyond.China's President Xi Jinping arrived in Pakistan to oversee the signing of agreements aimed at establishing a China-Pakistan Economic Corridor between Pakistan's southern Gwadar port on the Arabian Sea and China's western Xinjiang region.The plan, which would eclipse U.S. spending in Pakistan over the last decade or so, is part of China's aim to forge "Silk Road" land and sea ties to markets in the Middle East and Europe.Xi, whose visit to Pakistan winds up on Tuesday, said it cemented an "all-weather strategic cooperative partnership" between the neighbors.Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif said the corridor would transform Pakistan into a regional hub and give China a shorter and cheaper route for trade with much of Asia, the Middle East and Africa."Friendship with China is the cornerstone of Pakistan's foreign policy," Sharif said in a speech.The corridor, a network of roads, railways and pipelines, will pass through Pakistan's poor Baluchistan province, where a long-running separatist insurgency that the army has vowed to crush will raise questions about the feasibility of the plan.China is also worried about Muslim separatists from Xinjiang teaming up with Pakistani militants. Although Xi did not refer to the issue on Monday, he linked economic cooperation with security in a statement on Sunday."Our cooperation in the security and economic fields reinforce each other, and they must be advanced simultaneously," he said. Sharif added: "I assured President Xi that Pakistan considers China's security as important as its own security."Xi called for greater efforts to bring peace to Afghanistan, where Pakistan is keen to restrict the influence of its rival India.The two sides also agreed to strengthen cooperation in civil nuclear energy, space and maritime technology, counter-terrorism and defense.  COMMON INTERESTSPakistan says China will provide up to $37 billion in investment for energy projects to generate 16,400 MW of power. Concessional loans will cover nearly $10 billion of infrastructure projects.The planned Chinese spending exceeds that of the United States, which has given $31 billion to Pakistan since 2002, according to the Congressional Research Service. About two-thirds of that was earmarked for security.Despite Chinese-U.S. competition for influence across Asia, they share interests in Pakistan. Both want a stable government fighting militancy, said Andrew Small, author of a book on China-Pakistan relations."China would like U.S. support for Pakistan to continue, in terms of aid, selling arms, and other support," Small told Reuters. Few details of the projects have been finalised, and it is not only the Baluchistan insurgency that stands in the way of the ambitious vision becoming reality.Xi may seek assurances that Pakistan will rein in corruption and that leaders from rival political parties are willing to make a long-term commitment."We should be cautious because of Pakistan itself, not China," said Imtiaz Gul of the Center for Research and Security Studies, adding that Pakistan's bureaucracy, political leadership and national unity would be tested as China seeks to build trade links.Pakistani officials have said China's government and banks, including China Development Bank [CHDB.UL] and the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Ltd, will lend to Chinese companies, which will invest in projects as commercial ventures.Chinese companies investing in the projects will include Three Gorges Corp [CYTGP.UL], China Power International Development Ltd, Huaneng Group [HUANP.UL], ICBC Corporation and Zonergy Corporation, officials said.Sharif made ending chronic power blackouts a central promise of his 2013 election campaign and will be hoping for an improvement before the next polls in 2018. (Additional reporting by Mehreen Zahra-Malik; Editing by Robert Birsel, Mike Collett-White and Kevin Liffey)
None
202
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/05/18/usa-security-nsa-idUSL1N0Y91S820150518
UPDATE 1-U.S. Republican leader intends to extend surveillance plan
Mon May 18, 2015 4:10pm EDT
  (Adds background, White House comment.)By Patricia ZengerleWASHINGTON May 18 (Reuters) - U.S. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said on Monday he intends to "responsibly extend" this week the provisions of the USA Patriot Act due to expire on June 1.The provisions underpin the program in which U.S. spy agencies collect vast amount of data about Americans' phone calls. Members of Congress have been debating whether to extend the program for two months or five years, allow it to expire or pass reforms.McConnell has said he would like to extend the program, as is, through 2020. But facing stiff resistance from many lawmakers, including some of his fellow Republicans as well as many Democrats, he introduced a measure last week that would extend the Patriot Act provisions for two months. Some lawmakers have vowed to block even that temporary extension.Many members of the Senate would also like to vote on the USA Freedom Act, which the House of Representatives passed by an overwhelming margin last week. That bill would end the bulk collection and instead give intelligence agencies access to telephone data and other records when a court finds there is reasonable suspicion about a link to international terrorism. McConnell has not yet said whether the Senate will vote on the Freedom Act.The National Security Agency's bulk collection of telephone "metadata" has worried privacy advocates since it was first exposed two years ago by former NSA contractor Edward Snowden, who is now a fugitive in Russia. A spokesman for the White House, which supports the Freedom Act, did not support the idea of a short-term extension when asked about it on Monday."Our strategy on these important intelligence matters is to not kick the can down the road," White House spokesman Eric Schultz said."Congress has known of this impending deadline for months and months. The June 1 expiration should not be taking anyone by surprise," Schultz said.The program will expire if Congress does not act before it leaves Washington this week for a 10-day recess.   (Additional reporting by Roberta Rampton; Editing by Doina Chiacu)
None
203
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/05/04/us-eu-china-idUSKBN0NP0ZW20150504
Seeking global role, China presses Europe in diplomatic push
Mon May 4, 2015 8:13am EDT
  BRUSSELS/BEIJING Seizing on the 40th anniversary of diplomatic ties, Beijing has launched a diplomatic offensive to move Sino-European relations beyond trade and raise China's international profile, buoyed by its success winning European participation in a new Asian bank.A two-day visit by European Union foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini to Beijing on Tuesday to meet top Chinese officials, including Premier Li Keqiang, follows up on a visit by the head of the European Parliament in March and comes ahead of a China-EU summit in Brussels in June. Beijing has organized a series of diplomatic events in Brussels, the EU's de facto capital, mostly in May and June, including cocktails at the European Commission, an opera performance, and open days at the embassy, an imposing building normally shuttered behind steel gates. The outreach is a world away from the low-key approach adopted by Beijing since May 1975, when the first European commissioner went to China to establish ties for the bloc to add to most of its members' bilateral ties."It is very encouraging that both China and the EU are taking full advantage of the 40th anniversary of China-EU diplomatic relations to deepen their comprehensive strategic partnership featuring peace, growth, reform and civilization," Yang Yanyi, China's ambassador to the European Union, told the parliament's trade committee last month."The two sides will set the course for the future." Trade is still at the core of the relationship, worth 467 billion euros last year, and Brussels' approach to expanding ties has so far been rooted in slow-moving negotiations on more technical issues of trade and investment. But China wants Europe to know that it is not just a bulk buyer of raw materials or a manufacturer of consumer goods, Chinese diplomats said.Its offer to deepen cooperation on world affairs resonates with the EU just as it seeks to forge a more unified, collective foreign policy among its 28 member countries. But Europeans worry that may distract from efforts to agree by late next year a treaty reducing barriers to each other's markets that could form the basis of a future trade agreement."China wants a deepening of ties, as do we, but we are focused on the EU-China investment treaty under negotiation, whereas they also want to talk about their role in the world," said a senior EU official."GULF" IN UNDERSTANDINGIn the long term, China appears set on reworking existing global governance mechanisms, laying down a challenge to the United States and the institutions that Washington has dominated since World War Two. Those efforts enjoyed spectacular success recently when the nascent Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank (AIIB) won unexpected backing from European governments who chose, in an ill-coordinated scramble for advantage, to join despite Washington's misgivings. "More and more people in Europe have figured out the emergence of China. There has been rhetoric about China's emergence for a long time, but they think this is probably reality now," said Feng Zhongping, the director of the Institute of European Studies at the China Institutes of Contemporary International Relations (CICIR), a state think-tank.China also wants European support for its plans to spend billions of dollars to resurrect the old Silk Road trading route that once carried treasures between China and the Mediterranean, an item that will be high on the agenda for Mogherini's visit, Feng said."China would like to hear what Europeans think about how to enhance cooperation on this 'One Belt, One Road' initiative," he said. Still, the European Union remains wary of Beijing. Many in Europe want the EU to bring up human rights concerns, which Chinese officials see as irritating interference in its domestic affairs.Activists in Europe have called on Mogherini to publicly call for the release of government critics, anti-corruption activists, lawyers and journalists.The main tension, however, stems from China's desire to displace European products with its own exports, in areas ranging from sophisticated telecoms networks to solar panels.Europe accuses China of state capitalism, or close government control of privately owned businesses, and Brussels has regularly challenged what it sees as state subsidies to Chinese firms to undercut rivals in Europe.China insists economic decisions in the country are made based on supply and demand, not the state, and wants to receive better treatment in trade disputes.The European Union is caught in a bind about how to tackle the trade issue. World Trade Organization rules may grant China market economy status in December next year, although lawyers say the reading of the rules is up for interpretation."There is often a gulf in understanding," said Duncan Freeman, a political analyst at the Brussels Institute of Contemporary China Studies. "Sometimes they come at issues from such different places there are bound to be problems." (Additional reporting by Ben Blanchard in Beijing; Writing by Robin Emmott; Editing by Sonya Hepinstall)
None
204
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/08/22/us-usa-silkroad-ulbricht-idUSKBN0GM1ET20140822
U.S. brings new charges against accused Silk Road creator
Fri Aug 22, 2014 5:39pm EDT
  NEW YORK U.S. prosecutors have brought a trio of new charges against a Texas man accused of creating the underground online drug marketplace Silk Road.A new indictment against Ross Ulbricht, 30, filed late on Thursday in Manhattan federal court, added charges of narcotics trafficking, distribution of narcotics by means of the Internet, and conspiracy to traffic in fraudulent identification documents. The new charges came on top of four other counts previously asserted by prosecutors: narcotics trafficking conspiracy, continuing criminal enterprise, computer hacking conspiracy and money laundering conspiracy.Ulbricht, who prosecutors said was known online as "Dread Pirate Roberts," lost his bid to dismiss the earlier charges in July. He faces trial on Nov. 3. Prosecutors say Ulbricht owned and operated Silk Road, which they allege served as a black-market bazaar where drugs and criminal services like computer hacking and forgeries could be bought in exchange for the digital currency bitcoin.The superseding indictment filed on Thursday accused Ulbricht of personally distributing and aiding in the distribution of substances containing heroin, cocaine, LSD and methamphetamine.It also accused Ulbricht of engaging in a conspiracy to sell fake ID documents, such as drivers' licenses and passports, on Silk Road. Federal authorities shut down Silk Road last year, though a new Internet marketplace under the same name debuted in November.Joshua Dratel, Ulbricht's lawyer, said in a statement the new charges demonstrated the government's attempt to convert a single alleged course of conduct into a set of multiple, interchangeable charges. The prosecution's goal, he said, was "to improve its chances of having a jury, overwhelmed by the sheer number of charges, agree with the government on at least one."The case is U.S. v. Ulbricht, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 14-cr-00068. (Editing by Tom Brown and Matthew Lewis)
Tom Brown and Matthew Lewis
205
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/08/25/ca-hireright-idUSnBw255119a%2B100%2BBSW20140825
HireRight Releases Its First Background Check Benchmark Report for Higher Education; Reveals Risks, Screening Trends and Practices
Mon Aug 25, 2014 11:37am EDT
    HireRight Releases Its First Background Check Benchmark Report for        Higher Education; Reveals Risks, Screening Trends and Practices         A new survey from HireRight focused on employment screening in higher        education found that 77 percent of higher education industry respondents        reported screening had exposed a person who lied on a resume. HireRight,        a leading provider of global employment screening, drug and health        testing, and employment eligibility solutions, today released Employment        Background Checks in Education, its first survey and report on        employment screening for the higher education sector. The survey further        found that 63 percent of respondents reported that screening uncovered        issues that would not have been found otherwise.             HireRight surveyed human resources, recruiting and talent management        professionals from a wide range of academic institutions, and the        results revealed important trends and common practices in employment        screening. The survey reveals information especially relevant to the        higher education sector, which has experienced many high-profile resume        fraud incidents, including the MIT dean of admissions and the Notre Dame        football coach who both allegedly lied about their academic degrees and        backgrounds.             “In light of situations like this in the news, we’ve found that        institutions are reviewing and revising employment practices and        increasing their focus on background screening to help mitigate risk and        ensure high-quality hiring,” said Rachel Trindade, vice president of        marketing, HireRight. “The HireRight Employment Background Checks in        Education report is HireRight’s first survey focused on employment        screening practices in higher education. The data provided offers        valuable insights, important trends, industry benchmarks, and best        practices.”             When asked why screening is conducted, survey respondents indicated that        the top benefits they receive from screening are safety and security (59        percent), improved regulatory compliance (43 percent), better quality of        hires (35 percent), better reputation of institution (14 percent), and        greater employee retention (6 percent). In the current job market,        hiring top talent can be challenging, and effective screening can help        identify the best candidates.             The top two screening challenges reported this year were reducing        time-to-hire and improving overall efficiency. These results point to a        trending industry practice that addresses both of these issues –        integrating screening with an applicant tracking system (ATS) or talent        management solution. In this way, using a single, integrated solution        can help significantly improve hiring timelines by keeping all        information regarding job postings, applicants, processing, and        screening in one central location, accessible by all necessary staff.        Interestingly, the higher education sector is ahead of many other        industries in terms of using integrated solutions, as 40 percent of        respondents reported that they integrate screening with an ATS, compared        to only 28 percent in the general marketplace.             The survey responses and report also pointed toward several screening        best practices to consider, including:                Having a well-documented and mandatory hiring process to help ensure          consistent checks for employees.                 Reviewing hiring policies at least annually to identify any weaknesses          and risks.                 Determining the types of checks required or appropriate for each          position, and implementing them appropriately.                 Considering more in-depth, comprehensive background checks for          high-profile or high-risk positions to more extensively examine          candidate backgrounds.                 Using digital forms and storage for I-9 processing to help ensure          forms are completed correctly and improve readiness for compliance          audits.          About HireRight   HireRight        is a leading provider of on-demand employment background checks, drug        and health screening and electronic Form I-9 and E-Verify solutions that        help employers automate, manage and control background screening and        related programs. Many companies, including more than one-third of the        Fortune 500, trust HireRight because the company delivers        customer-focused solutions that provide greater efficiency and faster        results. HireRight also provides pre-integrated background screening        services through applicant tracking systems from top providers such as        Oracle, Taleo, Kenexa, SAP, PeopleAdmin, HealthcareSource, HRsmart, and        SilkRoad. HireRight, Inc. is an Altegrity company with worldwide        headquarters located in Irvine, California, and offices and affiliates        around the globe. For more information, visit the company’s web site at www.hireright.com.             HireRight is a registered trademark of HireRight, Inc.              Strategies for HireRightLindsay Thompson714-957-8880, ext.        128lindsay@strategiesadpr.com      
None
206
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/03/11/us-bitcoin-auction-idUSKBN0M620Z20150311
Bitcoin Exchange itBit says it won part of bitcoin auction
Tue Mar 10, 2015 8:21pm EDT
  NEW YORK - Bitcoin exchange itBit on Tuesday said it had won part of the U.S. government's third auction of bitcoins seized from Ross Ulbricht, who was convicted last month of operating black market website Silk Road.The company said it won 3,000 of the 50,000 bitcoins auctioned last week by the U.S. Marshals Service. The Marshals Service said earlier on Tuesday there are two other unidentified winners, which took 27,000 and 20,000 coins respectively.    In late trading on Tuesday, bitcoin was up 1.8 percent at $292.19. That put the value of the 50,000 bitcoins auctioned at $14.6 million. ItBit was founded in 2012 as a global exchange for institutional and retail investors. It has offices in New York and Singapore.Last week's auction attracted 34 bids from 14 registered bidders. That was more than the last bitcoin auction in December when just 11 buyers submitted 27 bids. The first auction in June attracted 45 bidders and 63 bids.   (Reporting by Gertrude Chavez-Dreyfuss; Editing by Andrew Hay)
Gertrude Chavez-Dreyfuss
207
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/01/20/bitcoin-database-idUSL5N0KU11E20140120
Nordic investor creates world's biggest Bitcoin database
Mon Jan 20, 2014 10:07am EST
  STOCKHOLM Jan 20 A Nordic venture capital firm says it has built the world's largest database of businesses dealing in Bitcoins in an effort to shed light on a virtual currency which has seen its value rocket in the past year.Creandum said the database contained more than 300 companies trading Bitcoins - ranging from exchanges to payment processors and gambling companies - and was intended to give entrepreneurs and investors an overview of companies with a significant role in the Bitcoin system.Bitcoin is essentially software code that defines units of value, which users can move back and forth among themselves. Unlike other virtual money transmitters, its value isn't pegged to a hard currency like the U.S. dollar or the euro - it is determined by the demand for Bitcoins.Since its launch in January 2009, the system has grown popular with people who lack confidence in the traditional banking system, though it has also aroused concerns it could be used for money laundering.Creandum, which has invested in fast-growing Nordic tech firms such as online music streaming service Spotify and payment solutions firm iZettle, said it hoped to encourage Bitcoin enthusiasts to participate in the development of the currency."This year and next year the Bitcoin needs to prove itself as a payment mechanism, and it could go either way," Creandum associate Joel Eriksson Enquist told Reuters. "Our hope is that the database will work like Wikipedia, with more and more contributors and more comprehensive data," he said of the open-source site which can be found at bitcoin.knackhq.com/btcdb. BUBBLE, OR A NEW WORLD?Creandum has not invested in any Bitcoin-related companies but is looking at a couple of players and Enquist himself is holding onto 10 Bitcoins he bought last year for a little over $100 each - just for the fun of it.The Bitcoin has recently traded above $1,000, up from $10 at the start of last year and fuelling concerns of a bubble. Creandum said it may take another three years before it is clear whether Bitcoin is a bubble, or whether this is "the beginning of a new world".In December, the digital currency was dealt a blow when the People's Bank of China banned financial institutions, though not individuals, from trading in Bitcoins.U.S. prosecutors are also sitting on millions of dollars worth of the currency which had belonged to Silk Road, an online market that authorities say was a conduit for purchasing drugs and computer hacking services.Creandum's database lists 46 Bitcoin exchanges in North America, 24 in Europe and 21 in Asia. BTC China and Europe's btc-e and Bitstamp are the biggest exchanges, with the three seeing 2.5 million Bitcoins traded on their platforms in the 30 days to Jan. 9.While there are about 100 virtual currencies, with new ones appearing every week, Bitcoin is by far the best known.E-commerce site Overstock.com recently announced its plan to become the first major U.S. retailer to accept the digital currency. Dating site OKCupid also allows Bitcoins as a form of payment.   (Editing by Mark Potter)
Mark Potter
208
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/08/29/us-usa-crime-bitcoin-idUSKBN0GT2J420140829
Exclusive: Bitcoin promoter to plead guilty to unlicensed money transmission
Fri Aug 29, 2014 7:15pm EDT
  NEW YORK Bitcoin entrepreneur Charlie Shrem has reached a plea deal to resolve U.S. charges that he engaged in a scheme to sell over $1 million of the digital currency to users of illicit online marketplace Silk Road, his lawyer said Friday.Shrem, the former vice chairman of the Bitcoin Foundation, will plead guilty next Thursday in New York federal court to unlicensed money transmission, Marc Agnifilo, his lawyer told Reuters in an email.Prosecutors had previously charged Shrem with operating an unlicensed money transmitting business, money laundering conspiracy and failing to file suspicious activity reports with government banking authorities.Federal authorities shut down Silk Road last year, though a new Internet marketplace under the same name was launched in November. Prosecutors contend Silk Road enabled users to buy and sell illegal drugs and other illicit goods and services. Soon after his arrest in January, Shrem stepped down from his role at the Bitcoin Foundation, a well-known trade group. He was previously CEO of BitInstant, a bitcoin exchange company.A notice of a plea hearing in the case of Shrem and his co-defendant, Robert Faiella, was included in a calendar distributed by court officials earlier Friday. It was not immediately clear if Faiella, a Florida man who faced similar charges as Shrem, will plead guilty or move ahead with trial Sept. 22. He has previously pleaded not guilty.But Faiella, 54, is expected to fly to New York for the hearing, according to a court order filed Friday. A lawyer for Faiella did not respond to requests for comment. A spokesman for Manhattan U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara declined comment.Prosecutors are pursuing a separate case against Ross William Ulbricht, the man accused of creating and operating Silk Road under the name "Dread Pirate Roberts." He is set to face trial Nov. 3.The case is U.S. v. Faiella, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 14-cr-00243.
None
209
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/01/21/usa-bitcoin-sentencing-idUSL1N0UZ13Q20150121
U.S. bitcoin exchanger who sold on Silk Road gets four years in prison
Tue Jan 20, 2015 7:02pm EST
  NEW YORK Jan 20 A Florida plumber who operated an underground bitcoin exchange selling the digital currency to users of the black market website Silk Road was sentenced to four years in prison on Tuesday.Robert Faiella, 55, was sentenced by U.S. District Judge Jed Rakoff in Manhattan after pleading guilty to operating an unlicensed money transmitting business.His sentence came a year after prosecutors unveiled charges against Faiella and his co-defendant, prominent bitcoin evangelist Charlie Shrem.His sentencing came as trial continued for Ross Ulbricht, the alleged operator of Silk Road, a website where drugs and other illicit goods could be bought secretly with bitcoin.Rakoff in December sentenced Shrem, the former vice chairman at the trade group Bitcoin Foundation, to two years in prison for aiding and abetting an unlicensed money transmitting business. But Rakoff said Faiella, who must with Shrem also forfeit $950,000, deserved a harsher sentence, citing in part a prior conviction for a tax offense."He knew from his own criminal history the nature of the risk he was taking, and he knowingly assumed that risk," Rakoff said.Prosecutors say from December 2011 to October 2013, Faiella sold bitcoin for cash to users of Silk Road, a website that by the time authorities closed it had $200 million in drug sales. Operating under the name BTCKing, Faiella would fill user orders for bitcoins through Shrem's exchange, BitInstant, ultimately trading in over $1 million in cash, prosecutors said.Lawyers for Faiella, a licensed plumber, said his crimes were motivated by a desperate financial situation amid job and medical problems."At the time of the offense, I saw no other way," Faiella said in court Tuesday. "That still doesn't change that I broke the law." Ulbricht, 30, faces seven counts including narcotics trafficking conspiracy. Joshua Dratel, his lawyer, has acknowledged he created the website but says his client became the "fall guy" for its true operators.He has also pointed to other people authorities investigated as being behind Silk Road, including Mark Karpeles, the former chief of the defunct bitcoin exchange Mt. Gox.Karpeles denies involvement with Silk Road. A federal judge on Tuesday struck some but not all of a U.S. Department of Homeland Security agent's testimony from Thursday about the Karpeles investigation.The agent, Jared Der-Yeghiayan, testified again Tuesday and will resume Wednesday.The case is U.S. v. Faiella, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 14-cr-00243.   (Reporting by Nate Raymond in New York; Editing by Cynthia Osterman)
Nate Raymond in New York
210
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/04/22/idUSFWN0XJ00420150422%3Ftype%3DcompanyNews
211
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/01/09/ny-hc-wainwright-co-idUSnBw095648a%2B100%2BBSW20150109
H.C. Wainwright & Co. Ranked #1 Placement Agent for 2014 by Sagient Research Systems
Fri Jan 9, 2015 11:28am EST
    H.C. Wainwright & Co. Ranked #1 Placement Agent for 2014 by Sagient        Research Systems   Number 1 Investment Bank for CMPO, RD and PIPE Transactions         H.C. Wainwright & Co., LLC, today announced its leading position in        transaction deal volume during 2014, gaining the top position in        PlacementTracker's Market League Tables, published by Sagient Research        Systems. During 2014 H.C. Wainwright & Co. completed 46 transactions.        The H.C. Wainwright team has been the number one ranked advisor by deal        volume cumulatively since 1998.       About H.C. Wainwright & Co.         H.C. Wainwright is a full-service investment bank dedicated to providing        corporate finance, strategic advisory and related services to public and        private companies across multiple sectors and regions. H.C. Wainwright &        Co. also provides research and sales and trading services to        institutional investors. According to Sagient Research Systems, H.C.        Wainwright’s team is ranked as the #1 Placement Agent in terms of        aggregate RD (registered direct offering), CMPO (confidentially marketed        public offering) and PIPE (private investment in public equity) executed        cumulatively since 1998.             For more information visit H.C. Wainwright & Co. on the Internet at www.hcwco.com.       About Sagient Research Systems         PlacementTracker is a flagship product of Sagient Research Systems, a        publisher of specialized research and data. Sagient Research develops        and sells proprietary research products to global enterprises, including        investment banks, mutual and hedge funds, pharmaceutical companies,        academic institutions, and government agencies. In each of 2007, 2008,        2009, 2010, and 2012 Sagient Research was named to the Inc. 5000 list of        fastest growing companies.             For more information visit Sagient Research Systems on the Internet at www.sagientresearch.com.             H.C. Wainwright & Co., LLC - MEMBER FINRA, SIPC                H.C. Wainwright & Co., LLCMark Viklund, 212-356-0500info@hcwco.com      
None
212
http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/11/13/us-china-xinjiang-idUSBRE9AC0F120131113
China pressures Muslim Uighur lawyer families on burqas, beards
Wed Nov 13, 2013 5:56am EST
  BEIJING China's far-flung western region of Xinjiang is demanding that lawyers guarantee family members don't wear burqas or grow long beards, the latest government move critics say unfairly targets the region's Muslim Uighur ethnic community.Lawyers in Turpan, an oasis city southeast of the regional capital, Urumqi, have to sign a pledge denouncing extremism and participation in "illegal religious activities", the Xinjiang judicial affairs department website said on Tuesday."Lawyers must commit to guaranteeing that family members and relatives do not wear burqas, veils or participate in illegal religious activities, and that young men do not grow long beards," the statement said.While many Uighur women dress in much the same casual fashions as other women in China, others have begun to wear full veils, something more common in Pakistan or Afghanistan than traditionally in Xinjiang.As an "important force" for protecting social stability, lawyers must take a leading role in combating extremism, the statement said, adding that 57 lawyers and six law students had signed the pledge so far. The demand comes after a car ploughed through bystanders on the edge of Tiananmen Square in Beijing and burst into flames in late October, killing the three people in the car and two bystanders. China called it a "terrorist attack" carried out by Islamist militants from Xinjiang.More than 40 people were hurt, and the police have detained five people in connection with the attack. But Uighur exiles, rights groups and some experts have cast doubt on the official accounts.Since 2001, China has intensified a sweeping security crackdown in Xinjiang, further repressing Uighur culture, religious tradition and language, rights groups say, despite strong government denials of offering the Uighurs anything but wide-ranging freedoms. The main Uighur exile group, the World Uyghur Congress, said it feared those who did not sign the pledge risked losing their license to practice law or would face investigation."China's judicial reform forces Uighur lawyers into a choice: safeguard the sanctity of their duty as lawyers and lose their personal freedoms, or violate their professional ethics and support China's suppression of the Uighur people," the group's spokesman, Dilxat Raxit, said in an emailed statement.(Reporting by Michael Martina; Editing by Nick Macfie)
Michael Martina
213
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/04/14/us-usa-crime-bitcoin-idUSBREA3D1RU20140414
Bitcoin promoter Shrem indicted in NY for money laundering
Mon Apr 14, 2014 5:42pm EDT
  NEW YORK Prominent bitcoin entrepreneur Charlie Shrem has been indicted by a federal grand jury in New York on charges of funneling cash to the illicit online marketplace Silk Road.Shrem, known as one of the digital currency's most visible promoters, is accused of conspiring with a Florida man, Robert Faiella, to sell more than $1 million in bitcoins to the users of Silk Road despite knowing that it would be spent on illegal uses like drug trafficking.Both Shrem and Faiella face charges of money laundering, conspiracy and failing to file suspicious activity reports with government banking authorities, according to the indictment filed by Manhattan U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara.Shrem's lawyer, Marc Agnifilo, and Faiella's lawyer, David Braun, did not immediately respond to a request for comment on Monday. Federal authorities shut down Silk Road last year, and prosecutors from Bharara's office have charged Ross William Ulbricht with operating the site under the name "Dread Pirate Roberts."Shrem, 24, was arrested in January and stepped down as vice president of the Bitcoin Foundation, a well-known trade group, soon after. He was previously CEO of BitInstant, a bitcoin exchange company that enjoyed financial backing from the twins Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss but closed last year. Bitcoin is a digital currency, not backed by any government or central bank, that fluctuates in value according to its users' demand. Users can transfer bitcoins to each other online and store the currency in digital "wallets."Authorities have vowed to pursue those who use bitcoin to complete illegal transactions, while regulators are still grappling with their approach to the nascent currency. The recent failure of Japan's Mt. Gox, which filed for bankruptcy after apparently losing hundreds of millions of dollars worth of bitcoins, has underscored concerns about the currency's long-term viability.Shrem will be arraigned on the indictment on April 29, according to Bharara's office. He faces a maximum prison term of 20 years if convicted on the most serious charge.(Editing by Eric Walsh)
Eric Walsh
214
http://www.reuters.com/article/2007/12/23/us-china-ancientship-idUSSHA19774920071223
China raises sunken merchant ship after 800 years
Sun Dec 23, 2007 1:05pm EST
  SHANGHAI An 800-year-old merchant ship was raised from the bottom of the South China Sea on Saturday, loaded with artefacts that might confirm the existence of an ancient maritime trade route linking China and the West.The 30-meter (100-foot) wooden vessel, containing thousands of gold, silver and porcelain trading goods, was hoisted onto a barge in a steel cage as high as a three-storey building, a live broadcast by national television showed.Named the Nanhai No. 1 or "South China Sea No. 1" by archaeologists, the ship was discovered in 1987 off the coast of Guangdong province, buried in two meters (6.5 feet) of silt at a depth of 30 meters.The Nanhai will be towed to a 150 million yuan ($20 million) museum built to house it in Guangdong, where it will be placed in a tank dubbed the "crystal palace" with the same water temperature and pressure that it experienced on the seabed. The museum is expected to open by the end of next year and visitors will be able to watch excavation of the ship from the silt encrusting it through windows in the sides of the tank. Full excavation could take years.More than 4,000 gold, silver and porcelain containers have been found on the Nanhai, one of the biggest and oldest merchant ships ever recovered in China, the official Xinhua news agency said. Also discovered were 6,000 copper coins from the Song Dynasty (960-1279 A.D.), when the boat was built. Archaeologists believe they might find tens of thousands more artefacts.The Nanhai could provide evidence of a "Marine Silk Road" linking China's Guangdong and Fujian provinces to Southeast Asia, Africa and Europe, similar to the better-known, overland Silk Road stretching across central Asia into Europe. "The 'Marine Silk Road', like the ancient Silk Road which connected China with south, west and central Asia and Europe, was also a bridge linking Eastern and Western cultures," said Huang Zongwei, professor at Guangdong's Sun Yat-Sen University."But evidence for existence of the route has been rare," he told Xinhua.(Reporting by Andrew Torchia; Editing by David Fogarty)
Andrew Torchia
215
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/05/12/idUSFWN0Y302B20150512%3Ftype%3DcompanyNews
216
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/12/09/us-mideast-crisis-iraq-baiji-idUSKBN0JN14B20141209
Shaky grip on northern road as Iraq pushes advance against IS
Tue Dec 9, 2014 7:28am EST
  TIKRIT, Iraq From somewhere, a sniper opened fire on the seven battle-scarred Humvees of Iraqi Defence Minister Khaled al-Obeidi's convoy as they rode on a crater-pocked highway. The convoy's gunners replied with volleys of fire. The drivers did not stop.Obeidi was proving a point by making his first visit to Iraq's biggest oil refinery, where a battle that broke a five month siege has been the main focus of the government's U.S.-backed fightback against Islamic State.That the defense minister could now drive the 30 km (20 mile) desert highway to Baiji from an air base near Tikrit is one of the government's few military achievements since the army collapsed and abandoned most of northern Iraq in June.Government troops and their Shi'ite militia allies finally lifted the siege of the refinery three weeks ago, after special forces troops held out, encircled inside the plant.Along the road there is little sign of life. Unfilled craters from roadside bombs obstruct vehicles. A bridge spanning the dual carriageway has been blown up. By the roadside, electricity pylons have fallen and a communications tower is toppled. Some buildings are burnt out, or blown up.Religious banners strung along the highway feature slogans and images lauding the Shi'ite militia - a jarring sight in a part of Iraq where most of the population are Sunni Muslims.The short highway may be open between Tikrit and Baiji, but Tikrit, home town of the Sunni dictator Saddam Hussein, is still mainly in the hands of Islamic State fighters and so is most of the highway further south.To reach Baiji, Obeidi had to fly first to the vast Al Sahra air field near Tikrit, named Speicher after a U.S. Navy pilot when it was the main U.S. base in northern Iraq during eight years of occupation.Obeidi spent several hours close to the front lines, meeting officers and troops, asking about their food, sleeping quarters and salaries. At a checkpoint on the main northern entrance to Tikrit, he handed envelopes of money to one distressed soldier.Two helicopters shadowed his movements throughout the trip.At the entrance to Baiji refinery complex several fuel storage containers appear to have been burnt. Inside, large parts of the plant seemed undamaged but no workers could be seen operating machinery. APPEAL FOR MORE AIR SUPPORTWhen Islamic State fighters swept through the region in June, hundreds of mainly Shi'ite army recruits at Speicher gave themselves up and were machinegunned in mass graves by the ultra-radical Sunni Islamists.The army's inability to defend the recruits at Speicher marked the lowest point in its capitulation to a seemingly unstoppable Islamic State advance.Obeidi, a Sunni Muslim general and member of parliament, hails from Mosul, the biggest city in the north, now firmly under Islamic State control after it fell in the June advance.He took over the defense portfolio in October after the appointment of new Prime Minister Haidar al-Abadi, who has made a priority of fixing the military and reducing the tension between the Shi'ite-led government in Baghdad and Sunnis.Obeidi blames the collapse in the north on systemic corruption and a poor choice of army commanders, issues he said were being tackled.Last week Abadi announced he had uncovered 50,000 "ghost soldiers" on the army payroll, who paid their officers part of their salaries and in return did not show up for duty, enriching their commanders and hollowing out the military force. Since Abadi took office the army, backed by Shi'ite militias and security forces from the Kurdish autonomous region, has driven Islamic State from Jurf al-Sakhr town southwest of Baghdad and two towns near the Iranian border, as well as gaining ground in this area.But Islamic State has consolidated control of Iraq's largest province, Anbar, which includes the mainly Sunni Euphrates valley west of Baghdad, and continued attacks elsewhere. Obeidi said Iraq needed more support from the U.S.-led coalition whose jets have bombarded Islamic State positions. "They could weaken Islamic State's capabilities by 70 to 80 percent if they launched more air strikes," he said.Asked about Obeidi's remarks, the U.S. commander of coalition efforts against Islamic State said there were no immediate plans to step up air strikes: "As the Iraqis conduct operations, we’ll continue to strike," Lieutenant General James Terry said in Kuwait.Outgoing U.S. Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel was in Baghdad on Tuesday for talks with Iraqi officials. FEAR OF MILITIASAt several stops on Obeidi's trip, the crackle of gunfire from ongoing fighting could be heard.At Tikrit university, now home to troops instead of students on the northern outskirts of the city, soldiers said dozens of Islamic State fighters broke in on Friday after attacking from the north and east, across the River Tigris. They were pushed back after a whole day of fighting.Nerves were also on edge on Monday outside Baiji, though the source of concern was not the hardline Sunni radicals but the Shi'ite militias Baghdad has depended on to push them back."In my home town, Islamic State would massacre me," said Sabah al-Jubouri, a Sunni Muslim policeman. "But here, the 'popular masses' (Shi'ite militia) consider me to be Islamic State."He was speaking outside an office which coordinates the army's military campaign with the two main Shi'ite militias operating in this part of the province, Asa'ib Ahl al-Haq and Kata'ib Hezbollah."They don't work together with us," complained Jubouri, whose home town of Sharqat to the north is still firmly in the grip of Islamic State.More than a decade after the U.S.-led invasion toppled Saddam and ushered in years of sectarian bloodshed, a more cautious U.S. administration has pledged 3,100 soldiers, to act as trainers and advisers, not combat troops.Jubouri said only resolute international intervention could rescue his country."Tell me, when are the Americans coming?" (Additional reporting by Phil Stewart in Kuwait; Editing by Peter Graff)
None
217
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/05/20/us-usa-crime-bitcoin-idUSBREA4J01P20140520
U.S. authorities probe bitcoin exchanges over illegal transactions: WSJ
Mon May 19, 2014 9:04pm EDT
  Several bitcoin exchanges including the now-defunct Mt. Gox received subpoenas from Manhattan federal prosecutors this winter as they look into possible ties between the exchanges and the online drug market Silk Road, the Wall Street Journal reported on Monday, citing people familiar with the matter.The subpoenas to Mt. Gox demanded customer-transaction logs and materials related to solicitation of investors. The report did not mention any other bitcoin businesses that received subpoenas.Mt. Gox's lawyers advised Chief Executive Officer Mark Karpeles against going to the United States after he was summoned by a judge there to testify for a class-action lawsuit, because they were concerned he would be arrested in connection with this case.The prosecutors and Federal Bureau of Investigation agents are examining whether the exchange and others like it may have processed transactions connected to Silk Road, the people said. The investigation was at an early stage and there were no conclusions yet on whether the exchanges were connected with Silk Road, one of the people familiar with the matter told the paper. Last month, prominent bitcoin entrepreneur Charlie Shrem was indicted by a federal grand jury in New York on charges of funneling cash to Silk Road.Shrem, one of the digital currency's most visible promoters, is accused of conspiring with a Florida man, Robert Faiella, to sell more than $1 million in bitcoin to the users of Silk Road despite knowing that it would be spent on illegal activities including drug trafficking. It was preceded by the arrest of alleged Silk Road founder Ross Ulbricht in San Francisco last year when he was charged in federal court in Manhattan with counts relating to drug trafficking, money laundering and computer hacking, all stemming from his alleged involvement in the illicit online marketplace, which sold drugs and criminal services in exchange for bitcoin. After Ulbricht's arrest, the government shut down the website.(Reporting by Mridhula Raghavan in Bangalore and Sophie Knight in Tokyo; Editing by Ken Wills)
Mridhula Raghavan in Bangalore and Sophie Knight in Tokyo
218
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/10/10/tesla-motors-launch-idUSL3N0S51ME20141010
UPDATE 2-Tesla unveils all-wheel drive Model S, "autopilot" features
Fri Oct 10, 2014 2:39pm EDT
  (Adds Breakingviews link)By Nichola GroomHAWTHORNE, Calif. Oct 10 (Reuters) - Tesla Motors Inc  on Thursday took its first step toward automated driving, unveiling features that will allow its electric sedan to park itself and sense dangerous situations.The company also said it will roll out an all-wheel drive option of the Model S sedan that can go from zero to 60 miles per hour in 3.2 seconds yet doesn't compromise the vehicle's efficiency.The car is like having a "personal roller coaster," Tesla CEO Elon Musk joked after making the announcement at the packed event in Hawthorne, California. Tesla's announcement had been eagerly anticipated since Musk last week tweeted that it was "about time to unveil the D and something else."Onstage on Thursday, Musk said "D" stands for "dual motor," meaning Tesla's all-wheel drive vehicle will have a motor at either end of the chassis to increase control.In addition, Musk said that the Model S cars that are rolling off the line today already have the hardware for what he called "autopilot." The features include a long-range radar, image recognition so the vehicle can "see" things like stop signs and pedestrians, and a 360-degree ultrasonic sonar. The car can park itself in a garage, turn on the air conditioning in advance of a trip and recognize obstacles on the road. He cautioned, however, that "autopilot" was not fully autonomous driving and would not allow a driver to fall asleep at the wheel.The new features will give Tesla momentum while consumers wait for the launch of its third vehicle, the crossover SUV Model X, next year, said one industry analyst. "Until the Model X arrives, a vehicle that will substantially amplify Tesla's appeal and volume potential, these upgrades should keep the Model S at the forefront of advanced personal transportation," said Karl Brauer, senior analyst at Kelley Blue Book.Automakers are racing to develop such features as cars that apply brakes automatically when they sense an impending collision or slow down because a vehicle ahead on the highway has warned that traffic has stopped. However, the automakers say the transition will be evolutionary, with such features added slowly over many years as new models are rolled out. Meanwhile, Internet search company Google Inc is developing the technology for a completely driverless car.General Motors Co said last month that its Cadillac brand will introduce a car in 2016 that communicates with other vehicles and will also introduce a vehicle that incorporates semi-automated hands-free driving technology.(Reporting by Nicola Groom in Los Angeles and Supriya Kurane in Bangalore; Editing by Gopakumar Warrier)
Nicola Groom in Los Angeles and Supriya Kurane in Bangalore
219
http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/12/30/us-china-xinjiang-idUSBRE9BT02V20131230
Chinese police kill eight in Xinjiang 'terrorist attack'
Mon Dec 30, 2013 4:09am EST
  BEIJING Chinese police shot dead eight people during a "terrorist attack" in the western region of Xinjiang on Monday, the government said, raising the death toll from violent clashes there to at least 35 since November.The attack happened in Yarkand county close to the old Silk Road city of Kashgar in Xinjiang's south, the regional government said in a statement on its news website (www.ts.cn)."At around 6:30 a.m., nine thugs carrying knives attacked a police station in Kashgar's Yarkand county, throwing explosive devices and setting police cars on fire," it said."The police took decisive measures, shooting dead eight and capturing one," it added, labeling the incident a "violent terrorist attack" which was being investigated.Xinjiang is home to a Turkic-speaking, Muslim people known as Uighurs, some of whom resent what they see as oppressive treatment by the government.At least 91 people, including several police officers, have been killed in violence in Xinjiang since April, according to state media reports.This month, police shot and killed 14 people during a riot near Kashgar in which two policemen were also killed.In a similar outburst of violence, at least nine civilians and two policemen were killed when a group of people armed with axes and knives attacked a police station, also near Kashgar, last month, state media has said. China has previously blamed some of the violence in Xinjiang on Islamist militants plotting holy war."STRIKE HARD"The latest attack showed the serious threat posed by separatism, extremism and terrorism, China's Foreign Ministry spokesman Qin Gang told reporters at a regular press briefing. "The Chinese government will strike hard against them in accordance with the law," Qin said.Many Uighurs chafe at restrictions on their culture, language and religion, though the government insists it grants them broad freedoms.Rights groups and exiles say police often use often heavy-handed tactics against the Uighur community. Violence has broken out previously when groups of Uighurs protest at police stations, they say.Dilxat Raxit, spokesman for the main Uighur exile group, the World Uyghur Congress, said the international community should prevent China from continuing its "repressive policies" against Uighurs. "Directly firing on and killing protesters and accusing them of so-called terror is currently China's post-judicial reform means of repressing the Uighur people. Uighurs endure China's discrimination and humiliation and are facing a crisis for survival and faith," he said in an emailed statement.China has stepped up security in Xinjiang after a vehicle ploughed into tourists on the edge of Beijing's Tiananmen Square in October, killing three people in the car and two bystanders.China said the attack was carried out by Islamist militants.Xinjiang has been the scene of numerous incidents of unrest in recent years, which the government often blames on the separatist East Turkestan Islamic Movement, even though many experts and rights groups cast doubt on its existence as a cohesive group.Many rights groups say China has long overplayed the threat posed to justify its tough controls in energy-rich Xinjiang, which lies strategically on the borders of Central Asia, India and Pakistan.(Reporting by Ben Blanchard and Michael Martina; Editing by Nick Macfie and Robert Birsel)
Ben Blanchard and Michael Martina
220
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/04/29/bombardier-ma-china-idUSL4N0XQ4PX20150429
UPDATE 2-China trainmakers seek control of Bombardier's rail unit-sources
Wed Apr 29, 2015 1:12pm EDT
  * CNR, CSR have been in contact with Bombardier - sources* China seeking foreign access for its high-speed trains-sources* Bid may face political opposition in Canada as elections near   (Adds context on possible barriers to a deal, comment from source familiar with Canadian government thinking)By Benjamin Kang Lim and Matthew MillerBEIJING, April 29(Reuters) - China's top two trainmakers have been in discussions with Bombardier Inc about possibly buying a controlling stake in the Canadian company's railway unit, two sources with direct knowledge of the matter said.China CNR Corp Ltd and state-owned CSR Corp Ltd , now in the process of merging to create the world's biggest railway company, are exploring a stake purchase of the Bombardier unit, complementing China's plan to sell its high-speed rail technology abroad, the sources said.But discussions cannot move forward until after the Chinese trainmakers complete a planned $26-billion merger next month, said a person close to one of the Chinese companies.Canada's Bombardier has been exploring a possible sale of all or part of its railway business as it seeks to pay for the huge cost overruns in its aircraft business, Reuters reported this month. The Canadian company is working with banks on strategic options, that also include a possible initial public offering either in Germany, where the business is based, or in Britain. Bankers value a possible deal at up to $5 billion."I have no knowledge of this matter," said Xu Houguang, a CSR executive. Zhang Yong, an executive at CNR, also said he had no knowledge of this matter.Bombardier spokeswoman Isabelle Rondeau declined to comment: "We will not comment on any speculation."In February, Bombardier said it "will explore other initiatives such as certain business activities' potential participation in industry consolidation". CNR and CSR are already the world's largest train makers by revenue but the bulk of their sales are from domestic contracts.Yet a Chinese bid could face political opposition in Canada, which is due to hold a general election in October.The federal government would most likely take a skeptical view of any such bid, especially if it happened during an election year, said a source familiar with government thinking. The government of Quebec, where Bombardier is based, could seek job guarantees. A purchase of Bombardier's rail assets would "open the doors for the Chinese to all Western train markets," one of the sources with direct knowledge of the situation said."It would be the most concrete example of China executing on its 'one belt, one road' strategy," the source said, referring to China's aim to create a modern Silk Road economic belt through a network of infrastructure links through Central, West and South Asia to Europe and Africa."We believe CNR/CSR would be the most likely and viable option for the company," said RBC Capital Markets analyst Walter Spracklin in a note to clients, noting that Bombardier already has joint ventures with the two Chinese companies.A purchase of a stake in the Bombardier unit by Chinese companies would require approval from the Ministry of Commerce, the National Development and Reform Commission and the China Securities Regulatory Commission as well as European Union,  U.S. and Canadian regulators.In February, a CNR official told Reuters that the firm was interested in buying foreign rail-linked technologies and had been in touch with some companies.Bombardier, whose presence in China goes back to 1954, currently has a number rail joint ventures in the country, three of them with CNR and CSR units.Shares of Bombardier rose 2.4 percent to C$2.55 on the Toronto Stock Exchange on Wednesday.   (Additional reporting by Allison Martell and Euan Rocha in Toronto, Allison Lampert in Montreal, David Ljunggren in Ottawa, Denny Thomas in Hong Kong, Pamela Barbaglia in London, Brenda Goh in Shanghai; Editing by Lisa Jucca, Rachel Armstrong and Andrew Hay)
None
221
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/06/22/us-usa-eximbank-mccarthy-idUSKBN0EX0YR20140622
House Republican leader opposes Export-Import Bank renewal
Sun Jun 22, 2014 5:54pm EDT
  WASHINGTON The newly elected No. 2 Republican in the House of Representatives said on Sunday he opposed renewing the charter for the U.S. Export-Import Bank, which helps finance exports of U.S. goods and services.Representative Kevin McCarthy, the incoming House majority leader, told "Fox News Sunday" the bank's role should be taken over by the private sector. Asked if he would allow the bank's charter to expire at the end of September, McCarthy said: "Yes, because it's something that the private sector can be able to do."The Export-Import Bank, which was established 80 years ago, backed $37.4 billion in exports in 2013.Scrapping the bank would be a blow to Boeing, Caterpillar, General Electric and other U.S. companies that rely on Ex-Im financing to make sales in export markets where commercial lending is scarce. "The reality is that manufacturers of all sizes can't afford to be defenseless in today's global marketplace," said Linda Dempsey, vice president of international economic affairs for the National Association of Manufacturers business group."Allowing the Ex-Im Bank to close would be a gift to our competitors and would result in the loss of manufacturing in the United States," Dempsey said in a statement. "If Congress fails to take up a reauthorization bill, people are going to lose their jobs, businesses and supply chains around the country will be impacted, and constituents are going to want to know why." Representative Eric Cantor, who steps down as majority leader on July 31 after losing a primary election this month, was a major supporter of the bank and helped get its charter renewed on 2012 in the face of conservative opposition. Last month, the chairman of the House Financial Services Committee, Jeb Hensarling, called on fellow Republicans to oppose renewing the charter. He said the bank helps some companies at the expense of others. Representative Steny Hoyer, the No. 2 Democrat in the Republican-controlled House, has said Congress should reaffirm its support for the bank as soon as possible to restore certainty. (Additional reporting by Krista Hughes and Will Dunham; Editing by Jim Loney and Andrea Ricci)
None
222
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/03/10/us-ukraine-crisis-steinmeier-idUSKBN0M60V620150310
Germany says still far away from a solution to Ukraine
Tue Mar 10, 2015 5:42am EDT
  SOFIA German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier said on Tuesday that a solution to the crisis in Ukraine was still a long way off, and that Ukraine will need significant support given the dire state of its economy. "The road on which we have been and we are on, is probably the first step for calming down the situation, but we all know that we are still very far from a solution," Steinmeier said through an interpreter during a visit to Bulgaria. "And I need to underline again the financial engagement which we will have to Ukraine, given its grave economic situation." Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko said on Monday pro-Russian rebels had withdrawn a significant amount of weaponry from the frontlines in eastern Ukraine in accordance with a three-week-old ceasefire deal.   (Reporting by Tsvetelia Tsolova; Editing by Matthias Williams and Catherine Evans)
Tsvetelia Tsolova
223
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/11/17/bitcoin-auction-idUSL2N0T71IP20141117
U.S. to auction 50,000 bitcoins seized in Silk Road case
Mon Nov 17, 2014 11:46am EST
  NEW YORK Nov 17 The U.S. Marshals Service said Monday it will auction 50,000 bitcoins seized during the prosecution of the alleged owner of Silk Road, an Internet black-market bazaar where authorities say illegal drugs and other goods could be bought.The auction, scheduled for Dec. 4, followed one in June of about 30,000 bitcoins seized during an October 2013 raid on Silk Road.  The latest batch of bitcoins was found on computer hardware authorities said belonged to Ross Ulbricht, a Texas man accused of creating Silk Road who is scheduled to face trial in January.   (Reporting by Nate Raymond in New York; Editing by James Dalgleish) 
Nate Raymond in New York
224
http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/02/25/us-silkroad-ipo-idUSBRE91O0IE20130225
Workday competitor SilkRoad selects banks for IPO: sources
Mon Feb 25, 2013 7:31am EST
  Human resources software company SilkRoad has selected JPMorgan Chase & Co (JPM.N) and Piper Jaffray Cos (PJC.N) to lead an initial public offering later this year, according to two sources with knowledge of the matter.The Chicago-based company is hoping to piggy-back on the IPO of peer Workday Inc (WDAY.N), which raised $637 million in October. Shares of Workday, which priced its offering at $28 per share, have nearly doubled since then to close Friday at $55.25.JPMorgan declined to comment. SilkRoad and Piper Jaffray could not be reached for comment. SilkRoad, which also competes with Oracle Corp ORCL.O and SAP AG (SAPG.DE), hopes to be the latest in a slew of IPOs from cloud-based companies, which let customers access their data and computing power from remote servers.Last year, IPOs from cloud-based companies besides Workday included ServiceNow Inc (NOW.N), Demandware Inc (DWRE.N) and Guidewire Software Inc (GWRE.N). The market for business software is expected to reach $300 billion globally by the end of 2013, according to market research firm Gartner.Founded by serial entrepreneur Flip Filipowski in 2003, the company's investors include Azure Capital Partners, Tenaya Capital and Foundation Capital. The company, which is expected to hit a run rate of roughly $70 million this year according to the sources, helps companies manage employees and other resources.The U.S. market for technology IPOs so far this year has lagged. Only one company, online money transfer provider Xoom Corp (XOOM.O), has listed in 2013.(Reporting By Olivia Oran in New York; Editing by Gerald E. McCormick)
Olivia Oran in New York
225
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/05/06/federal-capital-lease-idUSnPnb7Trf7%2B88%2BPRN20150506
Federal Capital Partners And Roi-Tan Investments Sign Multiple Leases At Cigar Factory In Charleston, SC
Wed May 6, 2015 9:00am EDT
    Federal Capital Partners And Roi-Tan Investments Sign Multiple Leases At Cigar Factory In Charleston, SC PR Newswire CHEVY CHASE, Md., May 6, 2015   CHEVY CHASE, Md., May 6, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Federal Capital Partners® (FCP) and Roi-Tan Investments, LLC (Roi-Tan) have announced the signing of more than 22,000 square feet of new leases at the Cigar Factory, a redevelopment of the landmark historic building at 701 East Bay Street. These new tenants bring building leasing to more than 57% as the building continues to attract new economy tenants locally and from outside the region in advance of its completion in June 2015. Recently signed tenants include:  Afaxys Pharmaceuticals (6,570 square feet), a provider of reliable, affordable access to healthcare products  Palmetto Group (4,547 square feet), an American energy service company focused on solar, energy efficiency and other clean energy technologies. The Palmetto Group (www.Palmetto.com) is headquartered in Charleston, SC and is a social-impact company.  Patterson Real Estate Advisory Group (1,150 square feet), a client-focused, commercial real estate investment banking group  PlanSource (2,050 square feet), a leading health exchange and benefits technology company that provides cloud-based software for benefits shopping, enrollment, billing and compliance  SolBright (1,911 square feet), providing turnkey project development, project management, technology expertise, utility compliance, contract administration, procurement and integration expertise to the emerging field of solar energy  Shopping Center Group (1,497 square feet), a retail real estate advisory firm respected for its analytical approach, wide-ranging resources and industry leading results  Snap Capital (3,355 square feet), a company committed to investing in small business  The Mighty Shed (1,157 square feet), an innovative agency dedicated to forging brands through practicing creative alchemy "The Cigar Factory is really coming together well. It has great bones and a unique DNA - even for Charleston," said WECCO Principal, William Cogswell. "We appreciate all the support we have received and look forward to having these tenants in the building and additional retail and office announcements in the coming months."The Cigar Factory is being transformed into a first class, mixed use property that will include unmatched creative work/office space, signature restaurants and event space, high end retail and abundant parking. Tenants and visitors to the building will have numerous dining options including Indigo Road's inventive food emporium project featuring Mercantile, with gourmet food stations; Mash, a 1,700 foot bar; and The Cedar Room, a large, private event space above the market. Fritz Porter's design emporium will continue with the market concept, offering high quality, bespoke furnishings, fine art and fine, vintage and costume jewelry from a select group of vendors.  The Cigar Factory has been heralded for the meticulous restoration of its historic commercial architecture, with unique, high, exposed ceilings and sweeping views of the river, Ravenel Bridge and the city skyline. Located just a short walk from Upper King and its array of retail and restaurants, the Cigar Factory is well positioned to attract local and national tenants. FCP and Roi-Tan extend their appreciation to Roadstead Real Estate Advisors, LLC and Palmetto Commercial Properties, Inc. for their representation on behalf of the landlord. We also extend our appreciation to Chris Cunniffe with Harbor City Real Estate for representing Afaxys and to Scott Altizer with Carolina One for representing PlanSource. About Roi-Tan Investments, LLCRoi-Tan Investments, LLC consists of local investors Walker Brock, William Cogswell, Mark Cumins, Todd Eischeid, John and Darrell Ferguson, John Tuck Morse, Richard Morse, Jerry Scheer, Chad Walldorf and Jay Weaver. About Federal Capital PartnersFederal Capital Partners (FCP) is a privately held real estate investment company that has invested in or financed more than $4.0 billion in assets since its founding in 1999. FCP invests in all asset classes and provides equity, preferred equity and mezzanine debt investments for commercial and residential real estate. The firm, based in Chevy Chase, MD, owns and manages in excess of $2.3 billion in assets. FCP is currently investing its third investment fund, a recently closed commingled, discretionary fund targeted at real estate markets on the East Coast of the United States. For further information on FCP, please visit www.fcpdc.com.    Media Contact:   Karen Widmayer     KW Communications, LLC       karenwidmayerpr@gmail.com       301-661-1448         Brook Griffin      WECCO Development, LLC      griffinb@wecco.com       843.577.2088 Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20110624/DC25751LOGO-b  To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/federal-capital-partners-and-roi-tan-investments-sign-multiple-leases-at-cigar-factory-in-charleston-sc-300078525.htmlSOURCE  Federal Capital Partners 
None
226
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/04/20/idUSL5N0XH3ZK20150420%3Ftype%3DcompanyNews
227
http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/08/26/financial-regulation-bitcoin-idUSL2N0GR1NH20130826
UPDATE 1-U.S. regulators, Bitcoin group discuss digital currency
Mon Aug 26, 2013 6:06pm EDT
  By Emily Stephenson and Brett WolfWASHINGTON Aug 26 (Reuters) - U.S. regulators and law enforcement agencies met on Monday with an advocacy group for Bitcoin, a digital currency that has been under fire for its purported role in facilitating anonymous money transfers.Jennifer Shasky-Calvery, director of the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network (FinCEN), said her unit hosted a presentation by members of the Bitcoin Foundation, an advocacy group of Bitcoin-related businesses."This is part of our ongoing dialogue aimed at enhancing communication with our regulated financial industries," Shasky-Calvery said in a statement. She also noted that virtual currency exchanges must register with regulators and face requirements similar to those imposed on other financial firms. FinCEN is the Treasury Department's anti-money laundering unit.Bitcoins, which have been around since 2008, are a form of electronic money that can be exchanged without using traditional banking or money transfer systems.Bitcoins are the most prominent of these new currencies, which have come under scrutiny from regulators and law enforcement officials. Representatives of the Bitcoin Foundation did not immediately respond to requests for comment. The group's website says it aims to make the currency more respected and to improve and protect its integrity.The currency first came under scrutiny by law enforcement officials in mid-2011 after media reports surfaced linking the digital currency to the Silk Road online marketplace where marijuana, heroin, LSD and other illicit drugs are sold. In recent months, the U.S. government has taken steps to rein in the currency and more regulatory action is expected.Tokyo-based Mt. Gox, the world's largest exchanger of U.S. dollars with Bitcoins, had two accounts held by its U.S. subsidiary seized this year by agents from the Department of Homeland Security on the grounds that it was operating a money transmitting business without a license.The Federal Bureau of Investigation reported last year that Bitcoin was used by criminals to move money around the world, and the U.S. Treasury said in March that digital currency firms are money transmitters and must comply with rules that combat money laundering.The Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Government Affairs launched an inquiry into Bitcoin and other virtual currencies earlier this month, asking a range of regulators to list what safeguards are in place to prevent criminal activity.
None
228
http://www.reuters.com/article/2009/04/24/us-usa-driving-changes-idUSTRE53J4S120090424
America's road hogs veer off freeway, hop on bus
Fri Apr 24, 2009 11:07am EDT
  WOODBRIDGE, Virginia The auctioneer bellowed, "Cheap, Cheap, Cheap!" as car jockeys steered shiny machines through the warehouse.But there were few bidders at the usually popular weekend Woodbridge Public Auto auction. Most cars went begging, including a 2001 Mercedes-Benz sport utility vehicle that couldn't find a buyer at half of its $13,000 value.From the movie "American Graffiti" to the song "Route 66," car ownership and the serendipitous pleasure of the highway have been a celebrated part of American life.But several signposts suggest America's love of driving is stalling and may stay weak for a long while. This could have profound impact on gasoline demand and the U.S. auto industry."One thing that is very clear is that there has been this belt tightening, which has gone into every little corner of our lives," said Philip Reed, senior consumer advice editor at Edmunds.com, a portal for car enthusiasts. "I see people cutting back who don't even need to cut back."Even as gasoline prices soared in 2006 and 2007, Americans were the kings of the road, driving over 3 trillion miles a year."We were road hogs," said John Townsend, spokesman for the American Automobile Association's mid Atlantic club. "It was widely believed that there was nothing that could be done to get Americans out of their cars. The encouragement, the exhortations and all that to take mass transit, they just seemed to fail."But something is afoot. In 2008 miles driven fell by 3.6 percent. Rick Wagoner, long a backer of gas guzzling SUVs, has been deposed as the CEO of General Motors. The automaker has put its Hummer division, the mighty emblem of America's free driving ways, on the block. Sales at Hummer skidded 68 percent in March. Americans took 10.7 billion trips on public transit in 2008, a 4 percent rise over the previous year and a modern record, the American Public Transportation Association said.High pump prices probably spurred the initial surge in ridership, as gasoline topped $4 a gallon last July, Association spokeswoman Virginia Miller said.But even late last year when gasoline prices fell, ridership posted the highest quarterly increase in a quarter of a century."It was as if people had started a new travel behavior, a new habit," Miller said. "And they have stuck with their habit." SMART CONSUMPTIONWith gasoline hovering around the $2 a gallon mark, will Americans be jumping back behind the wheel this summer? The U.S. government does not think so.The Energy Information Administration projects that in the summer driving season, from April to September, gasoline demand will inch up to 9.1 million barrels a day from 9 million last year. That still lags 2007, when demand hit 9.44 million barrels a day.Auto executives and analysts, including American Petroleum Institute's chief economist, John Felmy, believe gasoline consumption has peaked, meaning oil companies and the auto industry need to make fundamental adjustments. Some warn the American consumer will revert to old habits if the economy roars back. Big parts of the United States still depend heavily on the car, and an auto industry under stress might not be able to meet demand for fuel-efficient cars."Any of these changes that we are talking about are not going to happen overnight. I would suspect it's a 15-20 year process as far trying to get over to more sustainable energy products, said Sam Bullard, Economist at Wachovia Corp.Americans also have started to embrace car sharing. Zipcar, the world's largest car-sharing company that rents cars by the hour or day, saw its membership soar 50.3 percent in the past 12 months.Zipcar chief executive Scott Griffith said he sees a major shift in philosophy that could stay in place for a long time."Smart consumption is the new black. It seems to go with everything these days," Griffith told Reuters.He said his firm's surveys show people take 46 percent more public transit trips, 26 percent more walking trips and about 10 percent more bicycling trips after joining Zipcar."To me what their understanding is, I can live a more sustainable life and also save a lot of money by changing my behavior in some ways -- like using car sharing and driving less in total," Griffith said.(Editing by Jeffrey Jones and David Gregorio)
Jeffrey Jones and David Gregorio
229
http://www.reuters.com/article/2011/01/24/us-germany-satnav-odd-idUSTRE70N5Q920110124
SPLATNAV! UK pensioners drive into German church
Mon Jan 24, 2011 2:20pm EST
  BERLIN Two British pensioners landed in hospital in southern Germany after their car's global positioning system directed them to drive into a church.While driving their Renault in the evening on a back road near the Austrian border, the navigation system instructed the couple to turn right where there was no road."They were confused and didn't notice that the navigation system was faulty," a police spokeswoman said. The 76-year-old driver then plowed into the side of the village church, writing off the car, knocking a picture off the wall and damaging the building's foundations. Total damages were some 25,000 euros, police in the nearby town of Immenstadt said. The couple, who were traveling to France, spent the evening in hospital recuperating from minor injuries. (Reporting by Eric Kelsey, editing by Paul Casciato)
Eric Kelsey, editing by Paul Casciato
230
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/03/03/hongkong-airlines-ipo-idUSL4N0W51Q920150303
UPDATE 1-Hong Kong Airlines delays dual currency IPO after application lapses
Mon Mar 2, 2015 11:05pm EST
  (Adds IPO plans delayed, comments, previous yuan deals in Hong Kong)HONG KONG, March 3 (Reuters) - Hong Kong Airlines International Holdings Ltd has delayed its initial public offering, the city's first dual currency listing, to the second half of 2015 as it seeks more time to answer stock exchange queries, people familiar with the deal said on Tuesday.The regional carrier had planned to raise about $600 million via the IPO, with shares traded in both yuan and Hong Kong dollars, to buy new aircraft.It had filed the paperwork for the deal in early September, but the six-month deadline to launch the IPO lapsed without the airline gaining approval from the Hong Kong stock exchange's listing committee. Hong Kong Airlines is still in the process of answering questions from the exchange about the deal, the sources said, and it expects to refile its IPO application soon. Hong Kong Airlines didn't immediately respond to a Reuters request for comment. The sources declined to be named because details of the discussions are private."You have to address the comments from the exchange. It's taking a tremendously long time," one of the people said. "There's no question it'll get done, it's just a matter of time." The stock exchange established a framework for shares to trade in yuan in addition to Hong Kong dollars in 2011. So far, only two other Hong Kong-listed companies have taken advantage of the dual currency framework, but they sold shares in yuan only.Toll-road operator Hopewell Highway Infrastructure Ltd   sold some secondary shares in yuan and Hui Xian Real Estate Investment Trust sold IPO shares in the Chinese currency.   (Reporting by Elzio Barreto and Fiona Lau of IFR; Editing Miral Fahmy)
Elzio Barreto and Fiona Lau of IFR
231
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/01/29/us-usa-bitcoin-trial-idUSKBN0L200Z20150129
Silk Road drug dealer testifies against website's alleged operator
Wed Jan 28, 2015 7:18pm EST
  NEW YORK A New York computer consultant testified on Wednesday about how a heroin addiction led him to become a prolific drug dealer on Silk Road, as prosecutors moved closer to finishing their case against the underground website's alleged operator.The testimony in Manhattan federal court by Michael Duch, 40, marked the first time jurors weighing the fate of suspected Silk Road mastermind Ross Ulbricht heard from a vendor on the website, where drugs and other illicit goods could be secretly bought with bitcoins.Duch, who has been incarcerated since pleading guilty and came dressed in jail garb, told jurors a heroin habit that cost him up to $3,500 a week led him to deal the drug on Silk Road, where he previously bought pain killers."I saw the ease that came with it," Duch said. "There was a perceived level of safety as well as anonymity."Duch, who in 2012 earned $75,000 through computer consulting, said he earned $60,000 to $70,000 a month selling ultimately 3.18 kilograms of heroin on Silk Road under the alias "deezletime" from April 2013 until his arrest in October 2013. The testimony came in the third week of trial of Ulbricht, 30, who has pleaded not guilty to charges, including conspiracy to commit narcotics trafficking. Prosecutors expect to rest their case by Monday.Prosecutors say Ulbricht operated Silk Road under the alias "Dread Pirate Roberts" in a scheme that generated $200 million in drug sales until authorities shut it down.Duch, 40, was arrested in Warwick, New York, the same day as Ulbricht, although court records suggest the investigations were initially not related. Duch pleaded guilty in December to conspiracy to sell drugs, including heroin. While he faces 40 years maximum, he testified that he hopes to avoid a five-year mandatory minimum by cooperating with prosecutors.Duch, who said he did not know the identity of Dread Pirate Roberts, was the second cooperating witness to testify against Ulbricht.Richard Bates, a college friend of Ulbricht's, previously testified under a non-prosecution agreement that Ulbricht told him he created and ran Silk Road. Prosecutors said on Monday they decided not to call a third cooperator, Andrew Michael Jones, one of three alleged Silk Road staff members indicted in 2013.Jones had been in plea talks as of September, although court records give no indication of any change of plea since. His lawyer declined comment.The case is U.S. v. Ulbricht, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 13-06919. (Reporting by Nate Raymond in New York. Editing by Andre Grenon)
Nate Raymond in New York. Editing by Andre Grenon
232
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/05/11/z-h-studio-idUSnBw115267a%2B100%2BBSW20150511
Spotlight Lands on Binhai CBD as Nexus of New Tianjin FTZ
Mon May 11, 2015 9:00am EDT
    Spotlight Lands on Binhai CBD as Nexus of New Tianjin FTZ         Since Deng Xiaoping launched the economic reform and opening up of China        in the late 70s, much of the success story has focused on the South and        East of China. Shenzhen sprung up to become a powerhouse of production        across the water from Hong Kong, while Shanghai has marched towards        becoming an international finance center.             However, with the recent launch of China’s “One Belt, One Road” policy        and a new wave of FTZs, the Northeast port city of Tianjin - which        itself has seen unparalleled economic growth - is set to become the        poster star for the next chapter of China’s economic rise.             Tianjin, along with Guangzhou and Fujian, was recently announced as        being part of the second-wave of FTZs launched by the Chinese        government. The first was Shanghai’s, launched in 2013 in the city’s        Pudong New Area.             The Tianjin FTZ will be established in the city’s Binhai New Area. At        the center of this is the Binhai CBD, which is part of a cluster of        sibling zones within Binhai New Area that will serve as the engine for        the Tianjin FTZ, attracting capital and talent, and stimulating economic        activity and growth through the Tianjin-Hebei-Beijing area and beyond.             Those zones around the 46.8-sq-km CBD include TEDA, Dongjiang Port Zone,        High- and New- Tech Zone and Lingang Economic Zone. It gives CBD        unparalleled proximity to full-circle industrial clusters in those        zones. Some of these are among China’s longest-standing industrial        parks, covering sectors such as electronics, telecom, automobile,        pharmaceuticals, machinery manufacturing, new energy and new material.             “I think so many tenants are attracted to the CBD because of the trends        they see in us,” said Mr. Zheng Weiming, Chairman of TBNA CBD’s        Administrative Committee. “These tenants are market-oriented and are        actively pursuing development opportunities. This makes me optimistic        that the development will be along the same lines as that of Shenzhen        and Pudong in Shanghai. The progress in product innovation, business        models and service brands will help instill a lot of dynamism and        robustness. It will also serve as a showcase for national financial        innovation and service sector development.”             As with the other FTZs, the Tianjin FTZ will feature relaxed customs,        trade and foreign exchange rules. Company registration will be simpler        and have fewer requirements.             It will also employ the “negative list” initiative, which clearly states        in which sectors foreign-backed enterprises are barred from investing.        The number of items on the list is now at 122, down from the 139        featured on the 2013 list. It is expected to fall below 100 by the end        of the year.             China's Ministry Of Commerce recently issued 20 measures aimed at        facilitating and managing foreign investment in the new FTZs and the        expanded Shanghai zone.             These include removing the requirement that foreign enterprises must put        their contracts on government record in order to register their        businesses. However, foreign firms in the zones will still be required        to submit annual reports.             One of the main functions of the zones is to act as a testing and        proving ground for economic liberalizations. If successful, these could        be expanded across the country.             According to Niu Shaofeng, Bureau Chief, Financial Markets Policy Bureau        at CBD, advantages of the Binhai CBD include the large amount of        preferential policy support it enjoys from the government. “The CBD has        been built from the ground up to provide state-of-the-art buildings,        facilities and infrastructure. In turn, its mature service system,        including schools, healthcare, recreation and commercial services, will        help attract and retain talents,” Niu said.             Affordable housing options will also help in this respect, with        residences aimed at white collar workers, serviced apartments, and        special discounts for those with particularly in-demand talents.             Meanwhile, the opening of the Yujiapu Station on the Beijing-Tianjin        inter-city high-speed rail line has cut commute times between the        capital and CBD to just 45 minutes. By the end of August, there will be        more than 30 pairs of high-speed trains commuting between downtown        Beijing and Yujiapu each day.             The area’s low cost of living is also attractive to both individuals and        companies, with costs in Tianjin as little as a third of those in        competing areas such as Shanghai.             All these advantages are reflected in the growth stats for the CBD. In        2014 alone, it attracted 987 new tenants, up 262% YoY. Incremental        registered capital amounted to RMB 13.1 bln with YoY growth of 152%,        while industrial output was RMB 7.5 bln, up 31% YoY.             And this growth is accelerating. In 2015 Q1, new tenants amounted to        501, equivalent to 2.8 times the number of new tenants in the same        period of the previous year. Of these new tenants, 36 had registered        capital in excess of RMB 50 million. Actual GDP growth rate for the        period was 70% YoY.             A more recent batch of 28 tenants to register covered key sectors such        as headquarters, innovative financial services, international trading        and R&D services, and e-commerce and management consulting. Together,        they had total registered capital of more than RMB 11 bln. These        companies include sector leaders such as Hua Insurance, ranked among the        top four insurers in China with over 400 branches across the nation. In        2014, Hua Insurance’s total policy income was RMB 71.5 bln. The company        started its operation in Tianjin CBD in 2012. Other new tenants include        KinCheng Bank of Tianjin (KCB), which specializes in serving science and        technology micro-, small- and medium-sized enterprises and internet        finance service providers; Lion Capital Management, which as of March        2014 managed 37 public funds and assets exceeding RMB 65 bln; China        Citic Financial Leasing, which is committed to providing leasing        services to clean energy, smartcity building, healthcare for the        elderly, and other burgeoning industries.             Of such tenants, Mr Zhang Ruigang, Vice Governor, Binhai New Area said,        “I believe they will capitalize upon the unprecedented historic        opportunities triggered by such initiatives as Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei        integration, the Tianjin FTZ, and the cross-Bohai economic development        blueprint.”             Meanwhile, five pillar industries have been prioritized for development        in the CBD. They are innovation-oriented financial services;        headquarters; new generation ICT; cross border trading and e-commerce;        and the cultural, media and creative industries.             The CBD is also ideally placed to play a pivotal role in the Chinese        government’s new One Belt, One Road initiative, which seeks to build        infrastructure and promote trade through the countries and regions along        the historic Silk Road belt, as well as promote a maritime corridor        boosting trade between China’s East Coast with ports in the Indian and        Mediterranean Oceans.             “Tianjin is a strategic pillar city in this national master plan,” said        Zheng. “It is home to the fourth-largest port in the world. In terms of        rail, heading west, the railway system can reach Europe directly.        Heading north, the road system connects Tianjin with Mongolia and        Russia.”             These advantages were echoed by Mr. Cao Zhixiu, Post-doctoral Researcher        at the Research Institute of Binhai Area Development, Nankai University.        He pointed out that Tianjin is currently the only port in China that        operates three direct routes to Europe.             “Characterized by its free-trade port model, Tianjin is uniquely        positioned to support international-trade warehousing and logistics,        harbor handling, port real estate development, and comprehensive        services,” Mr. Cao said. “Secondly, it is the largest trading-service        port in the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei Area. If the integration plan for the        region reaches its next tipping point, Tianjin will inevitably become a        key gateway for international-oriented trading and investment activities        in the north of China.”              Z. H. STUDIOLan Shen, 86-21-22311397lan.shen@zhstudio.net      
None
233
http://www.reuters.com/article/2010/11/26/us-travel-moscow-idUSTRE6AP1GN20101126
Travel Postcard: 48 hours in Moscow
Fri Nov 26, 2010 5:02am EST
  MOSCOW (Reuters Life!) - Glitzy and decadent, the non-stop Russian capital is famed for its exorbitant prices, extravagant nightlife and freezing winter temperatures.But there is a lot more than glamour and excess: it has fabulous art, a slew of Soviet-era gems, exotic cuisine from the Caucasus and Central Asia, and simple pleasures rare in the West. Local correspondents help you get most out of a stay in this vast city of almost 11 million.FRIDAY12 p.m. - Head straight to Red Square, where Soviet dictator Josef Stalin gave speeches and shivering Russians ring in the New Year. Check out the mammoth Soviet department store GUM, now filled with Cartier and Gucci, colorful St Basil's cathedral, and the red-bricked Kremlin.Go see Vladimir Lenin, the founder of the Soviet Union, in his granite mausoleum in a pool of red light. Round the back, find graves of Soviet leaders Stalin and Leonid Brezhnev, which often have fresh flowers. (Monday, Weds, Fri till 1:30 p.m.)3 p.m. - Stroll past the cream, eight-columned 18th century Bolshoi theater and over to cobbled and dainty Stoleshnikov Pereulok, Moscow's answer to Bond Street.6 p.m. - Have a delicious Georgian meal at Mama Nina, near the Cathedral of Christ the Savior, the tallest Orthodox church in the world.Or try Suliko (suliko.ru), a genuine Georgian chain dotted across the city that has staples from the Caucasus country such as khinkali, or succulent meat dumplings, rolled aubergines with nuts and pomegranate and khachapuri, made of flaky pastry and homemade cheese served straight from the oven.9 p.m. - Hit the ultra-hip converted chocolate factory "Red October," perched on an island across from the Kremlin. The red-brick complex is packed with nightclubs featuring foreign DJs such as the popular Rolling Stone, and also has cafes and photography galleries. In summer, watch the sun come up over Moscow from their spacious balconies after a hedonistic night of revelry. SATURDAY8 a.m. - Try Correa's (correas.ru) -- an airy, high-ceilinged eatery which has healthy breakfasts and the freshest fruit salad you will find in the dead of winter.9 a.m. - Get your fill of gold onion domes amongst the Kremlin's 500-year-old churches built for the tsars, which are a stone's throw from President Dmitry Medvedev's office (open daily until 5 p.m.).11 a.m. - In winter, head to Gorky Park to ice skate (cheap rental on spot) amongst the birch trees on icy paths. 12 p.m. - Venture into the "Sculpture Park" opposite. Abandoned marble statues of Lenin, Stalin and Karl Marx sit solemnly on this large patch of greenery.1 p.m. - Next door sits the monolithic New Tretyakov Gallery. Over 65 rooms of modern Russian and European art line its Soviet-era walls, including avant-garde masters Wassily Kandinsky and Alexander Rodchenko.2 p.m. - Nearby, on October Square, find Moscow's largest-surviving statue of Lenin striking his famous pose.3 p.m. - Have a late lunch at glamorous restaurant Uzbekistan (uzbek-rest.ru). Pricey and stylized as a silk road Caravanserai, the Moscow elite dine here on some of the city's best Uzbek dishes, especially grilled meats and plov, an Uzbek staple of slow-cooked rice pilaf and tender lamb.5 p.m. - As evening approaches, wander toward the quiet oasis of Patriarch's Pond. Immortalized in Mikhail Bulgakov's novel "Master and Margarita," the quiet quarter has boutique shops and small cafes. Ice skate on the pond, which stocked fish for the Russian Orthodox clergy in the 19th century. 7 p.m. - Eat borscht, a traditional thick beetroot soup at Cafe Margarita (cafe-margarita.ru), which overlooks the pond. No bigger than a living room and lined with books, it has live piano and fiddle music nightly and is also good for a drink.10 p.m. - For a glimpse at some modern art and possibly a lecture, check out Art Strelka (strelkainstitute.com) on the embankment.Strelka, set up this year by Dutch architect Rem Koolhaas, is Moscow's new "It" bar and attracts a well-dressed bohemian crowd. For food, its restaurant has a Russian-European fusion, while the downstairs bar blasts music till the early hours.SUNDAY10 a.m. - Venture out southwest to Sparrow Hills (previously Lenin Hills) for an impressive vista of the capital. Perched up high is the foreboding Moscow State University, one of the "Seven Sisters," or elaborate Gothic skyscrapers Stalin built.12 p.m. - A must-see for art-lovers is Garage, Moscow's answer to London's Tate Modern (garageccc.com). Set up by Dasha Zhukova, the girlfriend of Russian oligarch Roman Abramovich, the gallery became an instant hit with fashionistas. Housed in a 1920s bus garage created by avant-garde architect Konstantin Melnikov, it caters to a global audience and has a tasty cafe.3 p.m. - Buy a metro ticket for a mere 26 roubles (83 U.S. cents) and finish off Moscow with the world's cheapest tour. Speed around this elegant beast that is fiercely efficient and still lit by chandeliers. Gawk at Revolution Square station, where life-sized bronze Soviets point rifles, and admire the stained glass chambers of Novoslobodskaya.(Editing by Paul Casciato)
Paul Casciato
234
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/01/13/usa-bitcoin-trial-idUSL1N0US15V20150113
Jury chosen in U.S. trial of accused Silk Road online market creator
Tue Jan 13, 2015 2:33pm EST
  NEW YORK A jury was selected on Tuesday for the trial of the suspected operator of Silk Road, an online black market bazaar where users could anonymously buy drugs and other illicit goods using bitcoin.The trial in Manhattan federal court of Ross Ulbricht, 30, marks the highest-profile test yet of U.S. authorities' efforts to crackdown on the use of the digital currency bitcoin for drug trafficking and other crimes.Ulbricht faces seven counts including operating a continuing criminal enterprise and conspiracy to commit narcotics trafficking. He faces up to life in prison in a case his supporters call an attack on Internet freedom.Outside the courthouse Tuesday, a small group of protesters held up signs, including ones saying "Free Ross," "30 years to life for an honest website?" and "Web hosting is not a crime!" The jury of six men and six women, plus four alternates, was expected to hear opening statements Tuesday afternoon.Silk Road operated from at least January 2011 to October 2013, authorities say, generating sales of $1.2 billion and commissions of $80 million by the time the FBI seized it and arrested Ulbricht. Prosecutors say Ulbricht ran it as the "Dread Pirate Roberts," an alias borrowed from a character in the 1987 movie "The Princess Bride." The website relied on the so-called Tor network, which lets users communicate anonymously.Authorities say Ulbricht took extreme steps to protect Silk Road, soliciting the murder-for-hire of six people who posed a threat. No evidence exists the murders were carried out. Ulbricht, who has been in custody since his arrest in October 2013, has pleaded not guilty and has never conceded creating Silk Road.Jurors were picked from a pool that U.S. District Judge Katherine Forrest said had included around 90 people. Another 92 potential jurors were dismissed before Tuesday based on their responses to a written questionnaire.Questions included what were potential jurors' computer habits and whether they had heard of Ulbricht, Silk Road, bitcoin or the Dread Pirate Roberts, other than in "The Princess Bride."The case is U.S. v. Ulbricht, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 13-06919.
None
235
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/04/07/markets-hongkong-china-stocks-midday-idUSL3N0X40XM20150407
China stocks climb to fresh 7-year high ahead of earnings season
Tue Apr 7, 2015 12:52am EDT
  * CSI300 +1.7 pct; SSEC +1.8 pct; Hong Kong market closed* An acceleration in IPOs won't stop the bull run - Xinhua* Transport, telecom, machinery stocks up on overseas investmentBy Samuel Shen and Pete SweeneySHANGHAI, April 7 (Reuters) - Chinese stocks hit fresh seven-year highs on Tuesday morning ahead of the quarterly earnings season, after the official Xinhua news agency said an acceleration in initial public offerings would not stop the market's bull run.Last week, China's securities regulator approved 30 IPOs for April, compared with 24 in each of the previous two months, raising concerns that stepped-up share sales could hurt the market.But Xinhua said in an article that the current pace of IPOs has negligible impact on the stock market, as regulators hope to channel some of the heavy money inflows into the real economy. "The market is at a stage when investors are super-excited," said Shen Zhengyang, Shanghai-based analyst at Northeast Securities."Money keeps gushing so it's impossible to predict when the uptrend will end."China's mutual funds industry exceeded 5 trillion yuan  ($807.5 billion) for the first time last month, as asset managers rush to sell products to meet hot investor demand.For example, Bosera Asset Management Co Ltd said it planned to launch 10 funds in the second quarter alone, mostly with trendy investment themes, such as "Internet", "Silk Road" and "Big Data". The CSI300 index rose 1.7 percent, to 4,239.17 points at the end of the morning session, while the Shanghai Composite Index gained 1.8 percent, to 3,933.49 points. The indexes are at their highest levels since March, 2008.ChiNext, the Nasdaq-style board for high-growth companies, climbed to fresh record highs, defying concerns over the board's lofty valuations.Hong Kong's markets were closed on Tuesday for a holiday and will resume trading on Wednesday. Investors drew some confidence in the stellar performance of  Beijing Water Business Doctor Co Ltd, the first mainland-listed company to report quarterly earnings. During the January-March period, the ChiNext-listed firm reported a 376 percent jump in net profit.Robust quarterly profit may add to investor confidence. Some 641 China-listed companies have issued guidance on first-quarter earnings and more than half have predicted they will post profits, according to Xinhua.Transportation, telecom, and machinery stocks rose sharply, as investors bet they would benefit the most from China's ambitious overseas investment plan.Chinese Premier Li Keqiang said Chinese manufacturers should shift the focus to quality from quantity in equipment exports and expand joint production overseas.Leading the surge in transport stocks were train manufacturers China CNR Corp Ltd and CSR Corp , which both hit their 10 percent daily limit after receiving regulatory approval for their merger.($1 = 6.1922 Chinese yuan renminbi)   (Editing by Jacqueline Wong)
Jacqueline Wong
236
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/04/21/china-pakistan-icbc-powerprojects-urgent-idUSB9N0XA03X20150421
REFILE-China's ICBC to provide $4.3 bln in financing for Pakistan power projects
Mon Apr 20, 2015 10:42pm EDT
  (Add Pakistani Prime Minister's title)BEIJING, April 21 (Reuters) - Industrial and Commerical Bank of China (ICBC) , the world's biggest lender by assets, said on Tuesday it has agreed to provide $4.3 billion in financing for energy and electricity projects in Pakistan. The four power projects, all located in the China-Pakistan Economic Corridor, are major infrastructure projects for China's "One Belt, One Road" initiative, the bank said in a statement sent by email.  ICBC Chairman Jiang Jianqing signed the agreement on Monday in Islamabad. Chinese President Xi Jinping and Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif oversaw the signing ceremony.     (Reporting By Beijing Newsroom, Editing by Matthew Miller & Kim Coghill)
Beijing Newsroom, Editing by Matthew Miller & Kim Coghill
237
http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/12/17/us-china-xinjiang-idUSBRE9BG04A20131217
China says six arrested after deadly riot in Xinjiang
Mon Dec 16, 2013 10:05pm EST
  BEIJING Chinese police have arrested six people they suspect of taking part in a riot near the old Silk Road city of Kashgar, in the restive far western Muslim region of Xinjiang, in which 16 people were killed, the regional government said.The arrests, reported by the Xinjiang government in a statement on an official news site late on Monday, came a day after Chinese police shot and killed 14 people during the riot. Two policemen were also killed.The government statement called the incident "an organized, pre-meditated, violent terror attack"."The gang repeatedly gathered to watch violent, terrorist videos, promoted extremist religious ideology, manufactured explosive devices and guns, conducted test explosions several times and planned to carry out violent terrorist activities," the Xinjiang government said.China has previously called some of the violence in Xinjiang the work of Islamist militants plotting holy war.On Monday, China's Foreign Ministry stopped short of directly blaming Islamist militants but said a "violent terror gang" attacked police with explosives.The Xinjiang government said the "terror gang" made up of 20 members was formed in August and was led by a person they named as Hesen Ismail. Reuters was not able to independently verify the charges. Foreign journalists are often harassed and sometimes denied access to sensitive areas in Xinjiang.A police officer reached by Reuters on Monday in the county where the incident occurred said it was "not convenient" to provide any additional information.The government says police were attacked by a mob throwing explosives and wielding knives when they went to arrest "criminal suspects" in a village near Kashgar. "The officers entered a house and found a large number of people were holding an illegal gathering," influential tabloid the Global Times, published by the Communist Party's People's Daily, quoted an unidentified Xinjiang official as saying."As the police carried out inquiries, some of the people remonstrated and staged a confrontation. They suddenly stabbed the police with knives. Two officers, who were caught off guard, died at the scene," the official said.Rights groups and exiles say police often use heavy-handed tactics against the Muslim Uighur community, which calls Xinjiang home. Many of Xinjiang's Turkic-speaking Muslim people chafe at restrictions on their culture, language and religion, although the government insists it grants them broad freedoms.China has stepped up security in Xinjiang after a vehicle ploughed into tourists on the edge of Beijing's Tiananmen Square in October, killing the three people in the car and two bystanders.China said that attack was carried out by Islamist militants, and has reacted angrily to suggestions that it was because of frustration and anger over government repression of Muslims in Xinjiang.There have been numerous incidents of unrest in Xinjiang in recent years, which the government often blames on the separatist East Turkestan Islamic Movement, even though many experts and rights groups cast doubt on its existence as a cohesive group.(Reporting by Sui-Lee Wee; Additional reporting by Ben Blanchard; Editing by Paul Tait)
Sui-Lee Wee
238
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/03/18/icif-trade-culture-idUSnPn8WnDcT%2B95%2BPRN20150318
The 11th Annual China (Shenzhen) International Cultural Industries Fair will be Held in May
Tue Mar 17, 2015 10:30pm EDT
    The 11th Annual China (Shenzhen) International Cultural Industries Fair will be Held in May PR Newswire SHENZHEN, China, March 17, 2015   SHENZHEN, China, March 17, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- The 11th Annual China (Shenzhen) International Culture Industries Fair (ICIF) will be held during May 14th-18th, 2015 in Shenzhen, China. It is jointly hosted by Ministry of Culture, Ministry of Commerce, State Administration of Press, Publication, Radio, Film and Television, China Council for the Promotion of International Trade, Guangdong Provincial People's Government and Shenzhen Municipal People's Government. ICIF is the only national, internationalized and integrated cultural industries fair in China and also the only cultural fair approved by The Global Association of the Exhibition Industry (UFI). The 10th ICIF in 2014 attracted 2263 exhibitors with its participants coming from 95 countries and regions and the turnover reaching USD 37.43 billion . Come meet the biggest names in the cultural industry! The main venue of the 11th ICIF will cover 105,000 square meters. It will set 9 specialized exhibition halls, including Cultural Industries Hall, Creative Design and Living Hall, Movies, Television and Animation Games Hall, Press and Publication Hall, Silk Road Hall, Art Hall, Intangible Cultural Heritage Hall, Cultural Tourism Hall and Arts and Crafts Hall. There will also be 54 sub-venues of ICIF all over Shenzhen during the exhibition. Meanwhile, a series of large-scale supporting activities aiming at providing specialized trading, investment and financial services for cultural projects and products will be held. Overseas buyers will be provided with free admission badges by applying online before April, 30th! Steps:  Visit http://58.61.29.97/GZEng/PreRegEn/BuyerRegistrationen and submit the Overseas Buyer Application Form online or send it to icif518@cnci.gov.cn after filling out.    Receive the Overseas Buyer Confirmation Letter  Go to the Service Desk for Overseas Buyers at the North Entrance of Shenzhen Convention and Exhibition Center (8:30 am - 16:00 pm, 14th - 18th May) and get the free admission badge by presenting your ID card/passport + Confirmation Letter  Get a free souvenir from ICIF! For more information, please visit our website: www.cnicif.com or Facebook:(China) Shenzhen ICIF or follow our Wechat: ICIF (search ICIF).  To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/the-11th-annual-china-shenzhen-international-cultural-industries-fair-will-be-held-in-may-300052219.htmlSOURCE  Shenzhen International Cultural Industry Fair Co., Ltd. 
None
239
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/04/14/usa-illinois-pensions-idUSL2N0XB26S20150414
UPDATE 1-Illinois lawmakers want vetting of governor's pension proposal
Tue Apr 14, 2015 4:20pm EDT
  (Adds comment from governor's office)CHICAGO, April 14 (Reuters) - Illinois Republican Governor Bruce Rauner's proposal to reduce the state's public pensions should be thoroughly analyzed to determine its compliance with U.S. regulations and impact on workers and taxpayers, two Democratic state lawmakers said on Tuesday.State Representative Elaine Nekritz and State Senator Daniel Biss, the Democrat-controlled legislature's point persons on pension issues, offered a resolution calling on two state retirement systems to undertake an actuarial analysis of Rauner's proposal, as well as seek a determination of whether the proposal complies with Internal Revenue Service regulations.Those steps would have to be taken before the legislature would consider the proposal, according to the resolution."The road to pension hell is paved with rash actions," Biss told reporters in the state capitol in Springfield. Rauner, who took office in January, wants to freeze benefits accrued by state workers starting July 1. After that date, the workers would be moved into a less generous, tier 2 pension plan in place for new workers hired since Jan. 1, 2011, or would have the option to buy out their pensions and move into a retirement plan similar to the popular 401(k) plan in the private sector.The proposal would save the upcoming state budget $2.2 billion and would immediately reduce Illinois' huge $105 billion unfunded pension liability by $25 billion, according to the governor's "turnaround" plan. Illinois has the worst funded pension system and lowest credit ratings among the 50 states. Biss said that counting on savings for fiscal 2016, which begins July 1, would be "an absolute fantasy."The two lawmakers also cited concerns the tier 2 pension plan created for new workers may run afoul of IRS requirements governing pensions for workers not covered by the federal government-run Social Security retirement program. "Illinois' current pension system is unaffordable and choking the state's budget, and the governor's plan enacts true pension reform for the financial future of Illinois," Rauner's office said in a statement, adding there was enough time to review and pass the proposal.State officials are anxiously awaiting a ruling by the Illinois Supreme Court on the constitutionality of a 2013 law that relies on a fiscal emergency as a reason to reduce pension benefits for state workers hired prior to Jan. 1, 2011.The high court could uphold a lower court ruling in November that concluded the state constitution does not allow any reduction in public pension benefits.   (Reporting by Karen Pierog; Editing by Paul Simao and Ted Botha)
Karen Pierog
240
http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/06/04/peru-rioalto-idUSL3N0EG07L20130604
Protests in Peru halt operations at Rio Alto's La Arena mine
Mon Jun 3, 2013 10:09pm EDT
  June 3 Rio Alto Mining Ltd said it has temporarily suspended some operations at its La Arena gold mine in Peru afer a blockade of the main road to the site as part of a protest against the country's police and judicial system.The blockade, which began on May 29, could reduce the miner's total gold production this year, Canada-based Rio Alto said, but did not give specific figures.The protests in the Sanchez Carrion province of northwestern Peru have choked the company's access to supplies at La Arena, its only producing facility. Mining and construction had been halted due to a run-down in fuel stocks, and the remaining fuel would only sustain the mine's gold processing plants for 14 more days, Rio Alto said. The company said last month it expected total gold production this year of 190,000 to 210,000 ounces. Operations of bigger miners like Barrick Gold Corp  and Newmont Mining Corp in Peru have been hurt by a wave of protests by indigenous groups who demand more say in the country's mining boom.Peru is a major producer of copper, silver, zinc and gold.
None
241
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/09/18/us-books-authors-burton-idUSKBN0HC2IQ20140918
Book Talk: In Burton's 'The Miniaturist', a house is a life
Wed Sep 17, 2014 9:30pm EDT
  LONDON Jessie Burton thought small when she wrote her debut novel, but much to her surprise it's been sold in 30 countries and, during one heady week in August, shifted more copies than J.K. Rowling's recent offering.“Unless you were a complete maniac you’d never expect that,” she told Reuters."The Miniaturist" is set in 17th-century Amsterdam, a world of water, dank mists and suppressed feelings, and tells of a young bride, Nella, whose wedding gift is a cabinet house - an exquisitely crafted miniature replica of her own house.A bit like Donna Tartt's "The Goldfinch", it seems to have struck a rich vein with a clever plot premise backed up by scrupulous research.To date it's sold 31,453 hardback copies overall, Burton's publicist said, compared with 58,147 for "The Silk Road", written by Rowling as her alter ego Robert Galbraith.Finding her marriage loveless, Nella pours her desires into constructing a miniature life, which takes on a supernatural quality as it mirrors her own. The book was inspired by Petronella Oortman’s real cabinet house in the Rijksmuseum, Amsterdam. "The miniatures up close are amazing, the skill in shrinking something so beautifully but you can’t get at it: it’s out of your reach," Burton said.The 31-year-old Burton, after stints of child acting, read English at Oxford and drama at the Central School of Speech and Drama. She talked to Reuters about what inspired her foray into literature. Q: What so intrigued you about the house?A: Nella’s house is filled with the paraphernalia of everyday life: china, cots, screens pots and pans. Many of the artifacts are things which have not survived in actual size, so to social historians it is invaluable. It describes a life.Q: The Oortmans were real people, but you haven’t used their lives. How come?A: It was only my Dutch editor that told me that Nella buried one husband and a child, then married again. I was very glad not to have known that. The only thing I wanted to take as a character was the doll’s house. Historical accuracy is important in terms of how they behaved, what they ate, but no one can know how those people truly thought.Q: In your own mind how far does the supernatural foretelling of the miniaturist character go? A: The miniaturist for me is a question of perception and what people want to believe. Cornelia the maid is highly suspicious, whereas Nella sees her as benign. I don’t believe there’s an objective reality, we all construct our own stories to make sense of our lives. The miniaturist could be simply a highly perceptive observer, but she’s deliberately ambiguous. How much is Nella jumping to these suggestions because she can’t bear to take control of her own life? Q: What is the appeal of the Nella character for a 21st century woman?A: I didn’t intend to write this character with a 17th-century crust inside a modern girl, but what she has is spirit and determination; she can be judgmental as many 18-year-olds can be, and makes mistakes but yet she learns. People are sympathetic to her willingness to adapt. She’s a survivor.Q: How did you create the watery city so well?A: I set it in winter on purpose - mist, light and dark, the play of the visual. The Dutch were so obsessed with the water, and their relationship with it. The sea had twice flooded their land to great damage, tens of thousands of people drowned. Q; Who are your three favorite authors?A: Of all time? Charlotte Bronte, Hilary Mantel, and Margaret Atwood. Q: You were an actress  - what have we seen you in?A: Not much. I did a lot of theater work. When you see an actor on stage and you truly don’t know what they are going to do next, it’s exciting. I learned that what a character doesn’t say is as important as what they do say.Q: You are digitally savvy. Is that important for authors?A: Although we use social media so fluidly, and even ignorantly – I don’t think we’ve got the measure of what it means. For many people, our virtual lives are becoming as valid and solid as our real lives. Perhaps if Nella had had Twitter she wouldn’t have been so concerned with her miniature house.Q: Will books be here in 50 years?A: Oh yes, definitely. I think the physical book will be clung to harder than people think. (Editing by Michael Roddy and  John Stonestreet)
Michael Roddy and  John Stonestreet
242
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/05/29/bbo-redsox-rangers-preview-idUSMTZEB5T3YNGRJ20150529
Preview: Red Sox at Rangers
Fri May 29, 2015 7:02am EDT
  The Texas Rangers look to avoid a third consecutive loss when they continue their four-game homestand against the Boston Red Sox on Friday. Texas had its seven-game winning streak snapped Wednesday in Cleveland and suffered a second straight setback the following night, when it dropped a 5-1 decision to Boston in the series opener.The Rangers were kept off the scoreboard until the ninth inning as Josh Hamilton delivered a one-out RBI single to complete a 2-for-4 performance. Thursday's triumph halted a three-game slide for Boston, which had dropped four consecutive road contests. Hanley Ramirez homered and Blake Swihart drove in two runs while Dustin Pedroia and Mookie Betts combined to go 6-for-10 at the top of the batting order for the Red Sox. Boston lost two of three at home against the Rangers last week, scoring a total of two runs in the setbacks.TV: 8:05 p.m. ET, MLB Network, NESN (Boston), FSN Southwest (Texas)PITCHING MATCHUP: Red Sox RH Steven Wright (2-1, 3.68 ERA) vs. Rangers RH Yovani Gallardo (4-6, 4.13) Wright has made two straight starts after coming out of the bullpen twice, working at least five innings in each of the four appearances and allowing two earned runs in three. The 30-year-old knuckleballer notched the victory against the Los Angeles Angels on Saturday after yielding two runs and four hits in a career-high 6 1/3 frames. Wright faces Texas for the first time.Gallardo is coming off a victory at New York on Sunday in which he limited the Yankees to two runs and four hits over six innings. The 29-year-old Mexican had lost five of his previous six starts despite surrendering more than three earned runs only once in that span. That outing came in Boston on May 19, when Gallardo fell to 1-2 lifetime versus the Red Sox after yielding four runs and 10 hits in five frames. WALK-OFFS1. Red Sox SS Xander Bogaerts was hit by a pitch in the second inning of the series opener and exited the contest two frames later with a bruised left forearm. 2. Texas RHP Alex Gonzalez, the team's top draft pick in 2013, is expected to make his major-league debut Saturday.3. Carlos Peguero, who was acquired from Texas for cash Wednesday, went 0-for-2 with a run scored the following night in his debut for Boston.PREDICTION: Rangers 6, Red Sox 2
None
243
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/03/30/markets-global-idUSL2N0WW26K20150330
GLOBAL MARKETS-Stocks rally on merger activity; dollar gains
Mon Mar 30, 2015 4:38pm EDT
  * China shares hit seven-year high on ambitious Silk Road project* Deals on both sides of Atlantic lift European, U.S. stocks* Dollar broadly higher as Fed seen raising rates this year* Oil slips as traders await Iran nuclear talks   (Adds close of U.S. markets)By Herbert LashNEW YORK, March 30  (Reuters) - The dollar gained and global equity markets surged on Monday on merger activity among drugmakers on both sides of the Atlantic, while Chinese stocks hit a seven-year high on a government plan to create a modern Silk Road trade route.Major U.S. and European indexes rallied more than 1 percent on a spate of deals as the dollar rose against other currencies on the view the Federal Reserve will raise interest rates this year.Health insurer UnitedHealth Group Inc agreed to buy Catamaran Corp  in a deal worth about $12.8 billion. Also Monday, Israel's Teva Pharmaceutical Industries   said it would buy U.S. biopharmaceutical firm Auspex Pharmaceuticals Inc for $3.5 billion, and Ireland's Horizon Pharma Plc agreed to buy U.S. drugmaker Hyperion Therapeutics Inc for about $1.1 billion.Earlier, China unveiled details of an ambitious plan to improve links from Asia to Europe and Africa that President Xi Jinping said in a decade would generate $2.5 trillion in annual trade with the countries involved. Germany's DAX index rose 1.8 percent, to about 1 percent below its all-time high, while the FTSEurofirst index  of 300 leading European companies gained 1.18 percent to close at 1,596.31.MSCI's all-country world index rose 0.75 percent, while its emerging markets index gained 1.16 percent.On Wall Street, the Dow Jones industrial average  closed up 263.65 points, or 1.49 percent, to 17,976.31. The S&P 500 rose 25.22 points, or 1.22 percent, to 2,086.24 and the Nasdaq Composite gained 56.22 points, or 1.15 percent, to 4,947.44."A lot of it is certainly merger-related, there's no question about that, and that gins up confidence among everyday investors. If the insiders are willing to make big acquisitions, why not the rest of us?" said Jack Ablin, chief investment officer at BMO Private Bank in Chicago. Andrew Wilkinson, chief market strategist at Interactive Brokers LLC in Greenwich, Connecticut, said investors believe they can see beyond any take-off of interest rates."They're beginning to feel that the central banks around the world are going to be at the helm. Even if the Fed tightens rates, it's not going to be a big move," Wilkinson said.The euro slumped against the dollar on worries whether Greece would secure funds from a 240 billion euro aid package before it runs out of cash in three weeks.The single currency was down 0.71 percent against the dollar at $1.0810, bringing its quarterly decline to about 10.6 percent, the largest fall by a quarter since the euro took effect in 1999. The dollar rebounded after comments late Friday from Fed Chair Janet Yellen underscored the view that the U.S. central bank is likely to start raising rates gradually later this year.The dollar index, a gauge of the greenback's value against a basket of currencies, climbed 0.77 percent to 98.042 after back-to-back weeks of losses.The greenback was up 0.88 percent against the yen at 120.15 yen.Oil prices slipped as officials from Iran and six world powers discussed a possible deal over Tehran's nuclear program that could end sanctions and allow an increase in Iranian oil exports.Brent crude fell 12 cents to settle at $56.29 a barrel. U.S. crude settled down 19 cents at $48.68 a barrel.U.S. Treasury debt prices softened, giving back some gains from last week as equity markets rose.Yields on the 10-year note stayed well below the 2 percent touched last week and were last at 1.9562 percent on a price decline of 2/32.(Reporting by Herbert Lash; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli, Chris Reese and Nick Zieminski)
Herbert Lash
244
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/04/20/us-japan-companies-aiib-poll-idUSKBN0NB2KZ20150420
Japan Inc echoes government's wary stance towards China-led AIIB: Reuters poll
Mon Apr 20, 2015 7:11pm EDT
  TOKYO Nearly three quarters of Japanese firms believe Tokyo should join the China-led Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank (AIIB) only if governance conditions are met, a Reuters poll found, a view that supports the government's cautious stance on signing up as a member.The plans for the new bank, seen as a significant setback to U.S. efforts to extend its influence in the Asia-Pacific region and balance China's growing financial clout, have put Japan in a quandary. It does not want to alienate Washington, its closest ally,  or bolster rival China especially at the expense of the Asian Development Bank, the Manila-based multilateral institution dominated by Japan and the United States. But opting out of the AIIB could also weaken its own clout longer-term in the region.Fifty-seven countries, including Britain, Germany and France, put up their hand to be AIIB founding members. Japan and the U.S. were notably absent, citing the need for better transparency and higher governance standards although they can still join at a later date.The Reuters Corporate Survey, conducted April 1-15, found 72 percent of companies said Japan should join the AIIB if concerns about governance are resolved, while a quarter of respondents saw no need to participate.Just 4 percent want Japan to join unconditionally, according to the poll of 483 large and mid-sized companies. Around 250 firms answered questions on AIIB.  OFF THE SILK ROADBut the survey results also highlighted the limited direct benefits to Japanese companies from the types of loans provided by development banks, as Japan Inc specializes in higher quality, higher cost projects with more elaborate specifications.Some 84 percent of firms said that their businesses would not be at a disadvantage if Japan decided not to participate."We see neither advantages nor disadvantages. The AIIB seems to be aimed at facilitating a Silk Road economic belt," one manager at a real estate firm responded, referring to Beijing's plan to boost transport links across Asia. "Japan stands no chance of beating the competition in terms of costs for road, railway and power supply projects anyway," he wrote.Data showed that Japanese firms received just 0.26 percent of the goods and works contracts backed by loans from the Asian Development Bank. Indian firms were the biggest beneficiaries, receiving 24 percent of the contracts while Chinese firms ranked second, receiving 22 percent."Japanese companies are taking a calm and pragmatic view towards the AIIB and infrastructure demand," said Toru Nishihama, chief emerging market economist at Dai-ichi Life Research Institute, who reviewed the survey results. "They know all too well know that they cannot make quick money out of the AIIB."But even though Japan Inc does not have much to lose, the Asian Development Bank is also a symbol of Tokyo's economic leadership in the region and its governorship has always been filled by a high-ranking Japanese bureaucrat - whose ranks have included central bank chief Haruhiko Kuroda.Some respondents noted that the AIIB could give European firms an edge over Japanese counterparts in negotiations in Asia and that Japan risked missing out on growth in the region if it opted out.The survey, which is conducted for Reuters by Nikkei Research, also showed that 62 percent of firms do not expect to raise prices this financial year - little changed from January's survey results. Higher prices for goods and services are a key goal for Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's plan to beat decades of deflation and stagnant growth, but the poll results underscore Japan Inc's weak pricing power just as consumer inflation has ground to halt on slumping oil prices. (Editing by William Mallard and Edwina Gibbs)
William Mallard and Edwina Gibbs
245
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/04/17/us-china-pakistan-idUSKBN0N80OX20150417
China says AIIB won't be used for $46 billion Pakistan deal
Fri Apr 17, 2015 4:48am EDT
  BEIJING China does not plan to use either its new Asian Infrastructure Development Bank (AIIB) or Silk Road fund to finance the $46 billion Pakistan-China Economic Corridor, with money to come from both countries instead, a senior diplomat said on Friday.President Xi Jinping's trip to Pakistan next week is expected to focus on the corridor, a planned network of roads, railways and energy projects linking Pakistan's deepwater Gwadar port on the Arabian Sea with China's far-western Xinjiang region.It would shorten the route for China's energy imports, bypassing the Straits of Malacca between Malaysia and Indonesia, a bottleneck at risk of blockade in wartime.Chinese Assistant Foreign Minister Liu Jianchao said the project would be good for Pakistan's economic development, but would not be drawn on financing details."Several different facets will be utilized for the financing of these projects. Both sides will increase cooperation, to jointly provide financing support," he told a news briefing. "As to whether the AIIB or the Silk Road fund will be used, at present these (projects) are being looked into, or are in the planning stages. So at the moment we are not considering using these mechanisms or platforms or financial organizations to provide financing," Liu said. "The money needed is quite large, and China is willing to provide financing support to Pakistan," he added, saying details would be released during the visit.China announced last year it would contribute $40 billion to set up the Silk Road infrastructure fund to boost connectivity across Asia. The Beijing-founded AIIB will also invest in regional infrastructure. Xi's trip is his first outside of the country this year, and also the first visit by a Chinese head of state to Pakistan in nine years.While the two countries refer to each other as "all-weather" friends, China has serious security concerns in Pakistan.Beijing, concerned about stability in its far western region of Xinjiang, has long urged Islamabad to weed out what it says are Islamist separatists from there holed up in a lawless tribal belt on the Pakistan-Afghanistan border, home to a mix of militant groups. Liu said that said China and Pakistan had very effective cooperation in tackling the militants, and Beijing approved of Islamabad's "resolute and decisive" actions on the problem.Xi's trip will also include Indonesia, where he will attend the 60th anniversary of the Bandung Conference, a gathering of Asian and African leaders opposed to colonialism. (Reporting by Ben Blanchard; Editing by Nick Macfie)
Ben Blanchard
246
http://www.reuters.com/article/2007/06/28/us-mccartney-idUSN2532115220070628
Paul McCartney rocks Hollywood record store
Thu Jun 28, 2007 2:38am EDT
  LOS ANGELES Paul McCartney's informal world tour of small venues brought him to Hollywood on Wednesday when he played a free concert at a record store for an audience that included fellow Beatle Ringo Starr."No shoplifting please," McCartney jokingly told the 900-strong crowd, who had come from as far afield as Canada, Japan and Australia for the historic 85-minute event.Any illegal activity would have been difficult. Fans were herded into rows behind the display racks, hemmed in by yellow tape as fire marshals and security guards patrolled the aisles making sure no one left their designated areas. Visibility for those at the back and sides was severely limited.Hundreds of fans started lining up at Amoeba Records on Monday when the concert was announced. The lucky ones were given blue wristbands on a first-come, first-served basis. Earlier this month, McCartney played clubs in London and New York, all part of an unorthodox promotional blitz for his well-received new album, "Memory Almost Full."The set list was largely the same each time, heavy on late-era Beatle tunes such as "Get Back," "Hey Jude," "The Long and Winding Road" and "I've Got A Feeling." He dropped in a few cuts from his new album, including the single "Dance Tonight" and the nostalgic "That Was Me."Wearing a red sweater that he later took off to reveal a white "Von Dutch"-branded t-shirt, McCartney was in a playful mood, at one time asking the audience to repeat various silly sounds, and then to nod their heads in unison. He got serious once when he played "Here Today," his 1982 tribute to fallen Beatle John Lennon.Others at the venue included Olivia Harrison, the widow of George Harrison, English rocker Jeff Lynne, and actress Jennifer Love Hewitt.Reuters
None
247
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/11/08/us-china-diplomacy-idUSKBN0IS0BQ20141108
China to establish $40 billion Silk Road infrastructure fund
Sat Nov 8, 2014 8:32am EST
  BEIJING China will contribute $40 billion to set up a Silk Road infrastructure fund to boost connectivity across Asia, President Xi Jinping announced on Saturday, the latest Chinese project to spread the largesse of its own economic growth.China has dangled financial and trade incentives before, mostly to Central Asia but also to countries in South Asia, backing efforts to resurrect the old Silk Road trading route that once carried treasures between China and the Mediterranean.The fund will be for investing in infrastructure, resources and industrial and financial cooperation, among other projects, Xi said, according to Xinhua.The goal of the fund is to "break the connectivity bottleneck" in Asia, state media quoted Xi as saying during a meeting in Beijing with leaders from Bangladesh, Cambodia, Laos, Mongolia, Myanmar, Pakistan and Tajikistan.The Silk Road Fund will be "open" and welcome investors from Asia and beyond to "actively" take part in the project, Xi was cited as saying, ahead of a separate summit of the Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) grouping, also being held in the Chinese capital.It was not immediately clear precisely how the fund would work, when it would start operations or where it would be based, though in all likelihood it would be China. But Xinhua said it would focus on China's Silk Road Economic Belt and the 21st Century Maritime Silk Road initiative, which aim to build roads, railways, ports and airports across Central Asia and South Asia. "Such a framework accommodates the needs of various countries and covers both land and sea-related projects," Xi said, adding China is ready to welcome its neighbors "to get on board the train of China's development." TRAINING PLACESChina will also provide neighboring countries with 20,000 places for training "connectivity professionals" over the next five years, Xi said.China has sought to address fears in the region - and globally - that its bounding economic growth will inevitably bring about a more assertive, muscular diplomatic and military approach to issues such as territorial disputes. One of the ways it has done this is to offer large loans to places like Southeast Asia and Africa, to show that China is a benign growing power only interested in helping others escape poverty in the way it has itself over the past three decades.Last month, Xi unveiled the $50 billion China-backed Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank, seen as a challenge to the World Bank and Asian Development Bank, both multilateral lenders that count Washington and its allies as their biggest financial backers.China has sought to allay concerns that its new bank aims to undermine the World Bank and Asian Development Bank, saying it wants to learn from their experience and that there are more than enough projects around for all the lenders to fund. (Reporting by Paul Carsten and Ben Blanchard; Editing by Jeremy Laurence and Ian Geoghegan)
Paul Carsten and Ben Blanchard
248
http://www.reuters.com/article/2012/02/21/turkey-china-idUSL5E8DL0YE20120221
UPDATE 3-Uighur protests as China's Xi visits Turkey
Tue Feb 21, 2012 4:37pm EST
  * Turkish PM called 2009 Chinese crackdown on riots "genocide"* Uighur protesters burn Chinese flag, Xi poster* China is Turkey's 15th biggest export market* Erdogan says will visit China in coming months   (Adds meeting with Erdogan)By Tulay KaradenizANKARA, Feb 21 (Reuters) - Activists from China's Muslim Uighur minority burnt Chinese flags in Ankara on Tuesday where China's leader-in-waiting Xi Jinping was holding talks with Turkish officials on regional issues.About 60 Turkic-speaking Uighurs from China's northwestern Xinjiang province protested outside the hotel where Xi was staying in the Turkish capital on the last leg of a trip that also took him to the United States and Ireland.Xi, almost sure to succeed Hu Jintao as president in just over a year, praised Turkey's role in trying to resolve issues such as the Iranian nuclear dispute and Middle East conflicts.Waving the flag of East Turkestan, pale blue with a white star and crescent, the protesters burnt a Chinese flag and a poster of Xi before police moved in to disperse them.Rights groups accuse China of abuses during a crackdown after Uighur riots in 2009 and Turkish Prime Minister Tayyip Erdogan then described the events as a "genocide". Turkey is home to thousands of Uighurs who have fled Xinjiang since the Chinese Communists took over the region in 1949. Xi said China had made great strides to raise the living standards of all ethnic groups in Xinjiang.Turkey and China are at either end of a political and economic axis stretching along the old silk road though Central Asia, Iran and Afghanistan. Both have strong, sometimes competing economic interests in the region.Turkey, now the world's 16th biggest economy and only second to China in growth last year, has projected itself as a stable Muslim democracy, making it a key player at a time of turmoil and unrest in the Middle East."A member of the G20 with a growing economy and an important country in the Middle East, Turkey has for a long time tried to bring stability and development to the region and played an active role in trying to solve 'hot' issues," Xi told Turkey's Sabah newspaper listing Afghanistan, the Iranian nuclear and Middle East peace efforts. BILLION DOLLAR DEALSTurkey has sought to mediate between the West and Iran in a dispute over Iran's nuclear programme and has broadly shared China's opposition to stronger sanctions against Tehran.But on Syria their positions have been sharply at odds.While Turkey has taken a leading role in pressuring Syria's President Bashar al-Assad to step down, China, along with Russia, this month blocked a draft U.N. Security Council resolution that backed an Arab plan urging him to quit.China has also not decided whether to accept an invitation to discuss Syria with other world powers this week in Tunisia, a meeting Turkey's foreign minister will attend and Ankara hopes will keep up pressure for Assad to step down. Xi met President Abdullah Gul on Tuesday and signed seven bilateral economic agreements.The central banks of Turkey and China signed a three-year currency swap agreement worth $1.6 billion which will be effective for three years, both sides said. The two countries could discuss extending its maturity after that.China has signed a series of bilateral currency agreements with foreign countries as part of efforts to promote the use of the yuan in cross-boarder trade and investment.The Turkish energy ministry also said China's Avic International and Turkey's Hema Endustri, a Turkish engineering manufacturing company, will sign a $1 billion deal for power plant and coal production equipment.Energy Minister Taner Yildiz said the agreement could lead to cooperation with China on building Turkey's first nuclear power plant.Xi later travelled to Istanbul for talks with Erdogan, who is recovering from surgery at home there. Citing prime ministerial officials, Turkish state media said the two men met for one hour where they agreed to increase economic cooperation.During the meeting, which was closed to the media, Erdogan accepted a formal invitation by Xi to visit China and said he would travel there in the coming months, state-run Anatolian news agency reported.On Wednesday, Xi attends a business forum in Istanbul, where he is likely to be assailed by exporters eager to try to bridge a gaping trade gap.China is Turkey's 15th biggest export market with nearly $2.5 billion of Turkish goods sold there last year, a rise of 8.7 percent. But some $21.6 billion worth of Chinese goods were imported to Turkey in 2011, up 26 percent from 2010.	 	  (Additional reporting by Jon Hemming, Orhan Coskun and Jonathon Burch; Writing by Jon Hemming; Editing by Maria Golovnina)
None
249
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/04/21/us-lafarge-m-a-holcim-idUSKBN0NC18Q20150421
ISS backs Holcim, Lafarge merger ahead of shareholder vote
Tue Apr 21, 2015 10:50am EDT
  ZURICH U.S. shareholder adviser ISS has recommended Holcim (HOLN.VX) investors back the Swiss cement maker's proposed merger with France's Lafarge (LAFP.PA) ahead of next month's shareholder vote on the $40 billion tie-up. Backing from ISS is a boost to Zurich-based Holcim as it seeks to win the support of two-thirds of investors at a shareholder meeting on May 8 in order to approve a fundraising to pay for the merger.ISS said in its report to investors that the deal warranted investors' support as it had a clear strategic rationale and offered upside to Holcim investors through synergies. However, the shareholder adviser stressed that a successful integration of the two companies under the combination's proposed CEO was key.  "The companies are betting that American Eric Olsen will bridge the cultural gap," ISS said in the report, dated April 20. "But Olsen is untested in the role at either of these firms, let alone at the task of integrating them into the world's largest cement company. It may well be that execution on the operational and strategic fronts is slowed until the cultural issues are resolved." The CEO role was a major sticking point when the tie-up came close to collapse in March, with the two companies eventually picking Lafarge insider Eric Olsen as chief executive earlier this month. Holcim has gone on the road to persuade its investors to back the deal. The Swiss firm's second-largest one, Eurocement, has given little indication of its plans, while the third-largest -- U.S.-based fund manager Harris Associates -- has said it is leaning towards supporting it. (Reporting by Joshua Franklin and Oliver Hirt; Editing by Mark Potter)
Joshua Franklin and Oliver Hirt
250
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/04/29/samsung-elec-results-smartphone-idUSS6N0V702R20150429
Samsung Elec to aggressively pursue sales of cheaper phones in emerging markets
Tue Apr 28, 2015 10:02pm EDT
  SEOUL, April 29 Tech giant Samsung Electronics Co Ltd will be aggressive in its sales strategy for mid-to-low end smartphones in emerging markets, including on pricing, a company executive said on Wednesday. Park Jin-young, a vice president for Samsung's mobile division, also said sales of the company's new mid-tier products like the Galaxy A and Galaxy E series should remain firm in the second quarter.      (Reporting by Se Young Lee; Editing by Stephen Coates)  
Se Young Lee
251
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/04/22/us-currency-bitcoin-idUSKBN0ND0YN20150422
Deals in dark helped bitcoin take off, says chief scientist
Wed Apr 22, 2015 5:50am EDT
  LONDON Without dealings in the "grey areas" of the global economy, bitcoin might not have grown to be worth the $3 billion it is today, according to Gavin Andresen, the closest thing the digital currency has to a CEO. Andresen, a self-confessed "all-around geek", is chief scientist at the Bitcoin Foundation, a non-profit group he helped set up three years ago to support and promote the digital currency.The original "cryptocurrency", bitcoin is increasingly accepted as payment for goods and services over the Internet. But detractors are concerned about how bitcoin makes it easier for users to make purchases anonymously.Andresen acknowledged it has been used in the United States for online gambling, which was effectively outlawed there until December 2011, with banks barred from transmitting bets.It also played an important role in the function of the Silk Road online marketplace, which sold drugs and other illegal or contraband goods until it was closed in 2013."Without those uses maybe it would have taken longer (for bitcoin to get to where it is)," he told Reuters over coffee at a conference organized by the Bitcoin Foundation in London, where a push into financial technology is making the city a hub for the virtual currency..In its early days, "the Internet was for porn. That was the story," said Andresen, who graduated from Princeton with a degree in computer science in 1988 and took a job in a 3D graphics company in California's Silicon Valley."If you look at a lot of technologies, they start in the shadows – in the grey areas, the black areas – and then eventually they become mainstream. I think bitcoin has seen the same evolution."Andresen took over the bitcoin empire in 2011 from Satoshi Nakamoto, an elusive figure credited with founding bitcoin in 2009. Some "bitcoiners" have suggested Andresen and "Satoshi", as he is widely known, are in fact the same person, and some have said Satoshi may in fact be a team of developers. Andresen denies he is Satoshi, and says he has never met him."There are some questions I'm sick of giving answers to. Don't ask me if I'm Satoshi," Andresen said at the conference, which took place on the site of the old Royal Mint where Britain's coinage was produced for 200 years.Andresen said he was chosen via an email in which Satoshi said he was moving on and leaving Bitcoin "in the good hands of Gavin and everyone". He then changed the contact on the Bitcoin website from his email address to Andresen's. Bitcoin has come a long way since 2010, when it was first used to make a payment -- 10,000 bitcoins for pizza. One bitcoin is currently worth around $220. Leading companies, including International Business Machines and governments, are showing growing interest in the technology that underlies it.The currency is not backed by any government or central bank and floats freely, fluctuating according to user demand. Like many bitcoiners, Andresen sees the lack of centralised oversight liberating users of the digital currency."My vision is really to give people more control over their money in the financial world," he said.One advantage of bitcoin often cited is the ability to send money instantaneously and cheaply to other users anywhere in the world. All a user needs is an Internet connection, whether or not they have a bank account, credit card or even an address. Andresen's ambition is for bitcoin to reach a billion people, with the developing world -- where many have smartphones but not bank accounts -- seen as ripe for greater use. "If the goal is just the 10,000 richest people in the world using bitcoin, frankly I'm not interested." Bitcoin's value has been highly volatile, having peaked at over $1,200 in late 2013 before crashing in the wake of a $500 million hacking attack on Tokyo-based bitcoin exchange Mt. Gox in early 2014.    Such an attack could happen again, Andresen says, and warns against investing too much in bitcoin for now.     "I hate hearing people who say they invested their life savings in bitcoin. Don't do that. And I have not done that personally," he said. "Bitcoin is an experiment."     So how many bitcoins does bitcoin's chief architect have? Andresen preferred not to give that away.     "Fewer than many people think," he said. (Editing by Nigel Stephenson and Sonya Hepinstall)
Nigel Stephenson and Sonya Hepinstall
252
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/03/30/markets-hongkong-china-stocks-midday-idUSL3N0WW1SO20150330
REFILE-China, Hong Kong shares jump on Silk Road initiative, policy easing hopes
Mon Mar 30, 2015 1:00am EDT
  (Refiles to fix spelling in headline)* .CSI300 +1.7; SSEC: 1.6 pct; HSI: 1.5 pct* Infrastructure stocks surge on China's Modern Silk Road plan* Expectations of easing rise after Zhou's warning on deflationBy Samuel Shen and Pete SweeneySHANGHAI, March 30 (Reuters) - China stocks jumped nearly 2 percent to near seven-year-highs and Hong Kong shares also rose sharply on Monday after Beijing unveiled details of an ambitious plan to construct a modern Silk Road to improve links from Asia to Europe and Africa.Shares were also supported by weekend comments from central bank governor Zhou Xiaochuan that reinforced expectations for further monetary easing to support the slowing economy. The CSI300 index rose 1.7 percent, to 4,039.30 points at the end of the morning session, while the Shanghai Composite Index gained 1.6 percent, to 3,750.92 points.In Hong Kong, the Hang Seng index added 1.5 percent, to 24,853.37 points.The Hong Kong China Enterprises Index, which tracks Chinese companies listed in Hong Kong in the form of so-called "H shares", jumped 3.4 percent, after China's securities regulator said on Friday it would let mainland mutual funds invest in Hong Kong shares via the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect. Investor enthusiasm also got a boost from a commentary in Monday's People's Daily saying China's bull market would benefit from economic restructuring. The article from the Communist Party's mouthpiece added to signs that policymakers support the stock market's rise.Infrastructure-related stocks surged as investors bet train makers, power generators and port operators would benefit from China's so-called "One Belt, One Road" initiative. The project, a network of railways, highways and other infrastructure, would create a new Silk Road that President Xi Jinping said would in a decade generate $2.5 trillion in annual trade with the countries involved.Analysts expect investment in the project this year alone could reach 300 billion yuan to 400 billion yuan ($48-64 billion). "The initiative is a boon to many of China's struggling industries," said Alex Kwok, Hong Kong-based strategist at China Investment Securities (HK).Kwok said that stocks rose also because of rising expectations of monetary easing after People's Bank of China Governor Zhou warned on Sunday that the country needs to be vigilant for signs of deflation. The central bank has already cut interest rates twice and banks' reserve requirements once since November."China's economy is under relatively big downward pressure, and the government is struggling to meet the 7 percent growth target this year. So Zhou's comment sends a strong signal of more easing policies ahead."Referring to the plan to let China mutual funds trade Hong Kong stocks, Kwok said the move would help reduce the valuation gap between the two markets, as mainland fund managers will likely use this channel to bargain hunt for Hong Kong-listed shares, which currently trade at about a 35 percent discount to their mainland peers on average."I expect mainland shares to keep rising, while Hong Kong stocks will likely move closer to their China peers in terms of valuation."Further gains in China's stock market could be fuelled by fresh money inflows, as many investors who long shunned shares as too risky are now piling in, snapping up newly-launched mutual funds often in days.      ($1 = 6.2108 Chinese yuan renminbi)   (Editing by Kim Coghill)
Kim Coghill
253
http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/08/26/us-financial-regulation-bitcoin-idUSBRE97P0OO20130826
Regulators, Bitcoin group discuss digital currency
Mon Aug 26, 2013 6:08pm EDT
  WASHINGTON U.S. regulators and law enforcement agencies met on Monday with an advocacy group for Bitcoin, a digital currency that has been under fire for its purported role in facilitating anonymous money transfers.Jennifer Shasky-Calvery, director of the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network (FinCEN), said her unit hosted a presentation by members of the Bitcoin Foundation, an advocacy group of Bitcoin-related businesses."This is part of our ongoing dialogue aimed at enhancing communication with our regulated financial industries," Shasky-Calvery said in a statement.She also noted that virtual currency exchanges must register with regulators and face requirements similar to those imposed on other financial firms. FinCEN is the Treasury Department's anti-money laundering unit. Bitcoins, which have been around since 2008, are a form of electronic money that can be exchanged without using traditional banking or money transfer systems.Bitcoins are the most prominent of these new currencies, which have come under scrutiny from regulators and law enforcement officials.Representatives of the Bitcoin Foundation did not immediately respond to requests for comment. The group's website says it aims to make the currency more respected and to improve and protect its integrity. The currency first came under scrutiny by law enforcement officials in mid-2011 after media reports surfaced linking the digital currency to the Silk Road online marketplace where marijuana, heroin, LSD and other illicit drugs are sold.In recent months, the U.S. government has taken steps to rein in the currency and more regulatory action is expected. Tokyo-based Mt. Gox, the world's largest exchanger of U.S. dollars with Bitcoins, had two accounts held by its U.S. subsidiary seized this year by agents from the Department of Homeland Security on the grounds that it was operating a money transmitting business without a license.The Federal Bureau of Investigation reported last year that Bitcoin was used by criminals to move money around the world, and the U.S. Treasury said in March that digital currency firms are money transmitters and must comply with rules that combat money laundering.The Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Government Affairs launched an inquiry into Bitcoin and other virtual currencies earlier this month, asking a range of regulators to list what safeguards are in place to prevent criminal activity.(Reporting by Brett Wolf. Editing by Andre Grenon)
Brett Wolf. Editing by Andre Grenon
254
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/09/04/usa-crime-bitcoin-idUSL1N0R52VM20140904
UPDATE 2-Bitcoin promoter pleads guilty to unlicensed use of currency
Thu Sep 4, 2014 6:17pm EDT
  (Adds statement from U.S. Attorney, forfeiture details, additional background on case)By Joseph AxNEW YORK, Sept 4 (Reuters) - A man who helped to promote bitcoin wants to remain in the business despite pleading guilty Thursday to indirectly helping send more than $1 million in the digital currency to users of the illicit online marketplace Silk Road, his lawyer said.Charlie Shrem, 24, pleaded guilty at a hearing in New York federal court to one count of aiding and abetting an unlicensed money transmitting business.A co-conspirator, Robert Faiella, 54, separately pleaded guilty to operating such a business. Both men face up to five years in prison when they appear again in court in January."I knew that much of the business on Silk Road involved the buying and selling of narcotics," Shrem said in court. "I knew that what I was doing was wrong." His lawyer, Marc Agnifilo, said that what Shrem did was an aberration and that Shrem plans to continue working in the bitcoin world if possible. Agnifilo emphasized that his client was not involved in directly supplying bitcoin to Silk Road users."We believe he is at least one step more removed from the heartland of illegal conduct, which is really Silk Road," the lawyer said. The two pleaded guilty as part of a deal struck with prosecutors from the office of Manhattan U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara. They had been scheduled to go on trial Sept. 22.U.S. authorities shut down Silk Road last year, though a new version bearing the same name was launched soon thereafter. The man accused of creating and operating Silk Road using the alias "Dread Pirate Roberts," Ross William Ulbricht, is facing separate charges and is scheduled for trial in November.Shrem stepped down from his post as vice chairman of the Bitcoin Foundation, a trade group, soon after his arrest in January. He was previously the chief executive of BitInstant, a bitcoin exchange company. Prosecutors said Faiella, 54, operated an underground bitcoin exchange on Silk Road under the name "BTCKing," providing currency for users engaged in illicit drug trafficking.Shrem processed transactions for Faiella through BitInstant despite knowing the bitcoin would eventually find their way to Silk Road, where the funds would be used for drugs, he said in court.Both men agreed to forfeit $950,000 to the government as part of their plea deals."Robert Faiella and Charlie Shrem opted to travel down a crooked path - running an illegal money transmitting business that catered to criminals bent on trafficking narcotics on the dark web drug site, Silk Road," Bharara said in a statement.   (Reporting by Joseph Ax; Editing by David Ingram, Lisa Shumaker and Andrew Hay)
Joseph Ax
255
http://www.reuters.com/article/2012/10/24/us-mali-au-elections-idUSBRE89N1HY20121024
African Union approves road map towards Mali election by April
Wed Oct 24, 2012 3:58pm EDT
  ADDIS ABABA The African Union on Wednesday approved a political road map for Mali that foresees elections by April, a move aimed at restoring stability after a coup last March, a senior AU official said."The road map provides for elections to be held 12 months after the return to constitutional order, meaning April," AU Peace and Security Commissioner Ramtane Lamamra told Reuters. An interim president was appointed in Mali in April after mutinous soldiers staged a coup against the then president, Amadou Toumani Toure. The AU earlier announced the lifting of Mali's suspension from the pan-African bloc. (Reporting by Aaron Maasho; Editing by Richard Lough; Editing by Kevin Liffey)
Aaron Maasho
256
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/05/26/markets-precious-idUSL3N0YH06920150526
PRECIOUS-Gold holds tight near $1,200 as dollar firms
Mon May 25, 2015 8:59pm EDT
  SINGAPORE, May 26 Gold was stuck in a tight trading range above $1,200 an ounce on Tuesday, as the dollar firmed near a one-month peak against a basket of major currencies on prospects of higher U.S. interest rates this year.          FUNDAMENTALS     * Spot gold was steady at $1,206 an ounce by 0037 GMT. The metal was little changed in the previous session, as liquidity was thin due to U.S. and British holidays.     * Bullion was not far off its lowest in about a week of $1,201.20 reached on Friday, after Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen said the U.S. central bank was poised to raise interest rates this year, as the economy was set to bounce back from an early-year slump and headwinds at home and abroad waned.       * Investors believe higher U.S. interest rates would dent demand for non-interest-paying gold, while boosting the dollar.     * The greenback was also boosted by weakness in the euro, which was pressured on worries Greece cannot service debt repayments next month amid a cash crunch.      * A stronger dollar makes gold more expensive for holders of other currencies, and also diminishes its safe-haven appeal.     * Bullion traders will be keenly eyeing U.S. economic data due later in the day, including consumer confidence and new home sales, for clues on the strength of the economy and how it would impact the Fed's monetary policy.     * Focus was also on Greece, which said on Monday it needs aid urgently to be able to pay a loan installment due next week.       * Any worsening of the Greek debt crisis could potentially trigger safe-haven demands for gold.     * In news from Asia, China has established a fund that is expected to raise about $16 billion for gold-related investment as part of its "Silk Road" initiative to develop trade and transport infrastructure across Asia and beyond, official media reported.         * For the top stories on metals and other news, click  or           MARKET NEWS     * Asian shares fell in early trading on Tuesday, while the dollar held near highs scaled in holiday-thinned trading in the previous session.           DATA/EVENTS (GMT)     1230 U.S. Durable goods orders Apr      1300 U.S. Monthly home price index Mar      1300 U.S. S&P/Case-Shiller housing index Mar      1345 U.S. Markit services PMI flash May      1400 U.S. Consumer confidence May      1400 U.S. New home sales Apr      PRICES AT 0037 GMT      Metal            Last     Change  Pct chg                                             Spot gold           1206    -0.8    -0.07  Spot silver        17.07   -0.05    -0.29  Spot platinum       1147    -0.5    -0.04  Spot palladium     786.5    0.52     0.07  Comex gold        1205.8     1.8     0.15  Comex silver      17.105   0.054     0.32  Euro              1.0959                   DXY               96.517                                                              COMEX gold and silver contracts show the  most active months    (Reporting by A. Ananthalakshmi; Editing by Richard Pullin)   
A. Ananthalakshmi
257
http://www.reuters.com/article/2010/08/31/srilanka-chinamerchants-idUSSGE67T0JS20100831
China Merchants Holdings in $450 mln Sri Lanka port deal
Tue Aug 31, 2010 6:49am EDT
  COLOMBO Aug 31 Sri Lanka has signed a $450 million deal with China Merchants Holdings (0144.HK) and local conglomerate Aitken Spence SPEN.CM to boost the Colombo port's cargo-handling capacity, a official said on Tuesday. The joint venture will build the first of three planned terminals in the Colombo port. Each is expected to add the capability to handle an additional 2.5 million Twenty-Foot Equivalent Units (TEU). The port now handles 4.5 million TEU. "The tender board has finalised the deal," Sri Lanka Ports Authority Chairman Priyath Wickrama told Reuters. "The total investment is around $450 million."  The state-run port authority is also a partner in the venture but Wickrama declined to say how much each partner was contributing. Two sources familiar with the deal said China Merchants will have a stake of about 70 percent.  The government expects the first phase of construction to begin within six months, with a three-year target for completion. China Merchants is a holding company for enterprises that specialise in developing transport and infrastructure businesses. Its main business unit operates ports in China.  Sri Lanka is increasingly relying on China and Chinese companies for the financing and expertise required for the more than $6 billion worth of infrastructure investments it has undertaken since the end of a three-decade war in May 2009. Earlier this month, Sri Lanka opened a new Chinese-built and financed port on its southern coast, along an ancient "Silk Road" trading route and one of the world's biggest East-West shipping lanes. [ID:nSGE67E01B] (Reporting by Shihar Aneez; Editing by Bryson Hull and Valerie Lee)    
Shihar Aneez
258
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/04/16/pakistan-china-idUSL4N0X804D20150416
Chinese president to visit Pakistan, hammer out $46-billion deal
Thu Apr 16, 2015 7:35am EDT
  ISLAMABAD, April 16 Chinese President Xi Jinping will launch energy and infrastructure projects worth $46 billion on a visit to Pakistan next week as China cements links with its old ally and generates opportunities for firms hit by slack growth at home.Also being finalised is a long-discussed plan to sell Pakistan eight Chinese submarines. The deal, worth between $4 billion and $5 billion, according to media reports, may be among those signed on the trip.Xi will visit next Monday and Tuesday, Pakistan's foreign ministry said.Commercial and defence ties are drawing together the two countries, which share a remote border and long-standing mistrust of their increasingly powerful neighbour, India, and many Western nations."China treats us as a friend, an ally, a partner and above all an equal - not how the Americans and others do," said Mushahid Hussain Sayed, chairman of the Pakistan parliament's defence committee. Pakistan and China often boast of being "iron brothers" and two-way trade grew to $10 billion last year from $4 billion in 2007, Pakistani data shows.Xi's trip is expected to focus on a Pakistan-China Economic Corridor, a planned $46-billion network of roads, railways and energy projects linking Pakistan's deepwater Gwadar port on the Arabian Sea with China's far-western Xinjiang region.It would shorten the route for China's energy imports, bypassing the Straits of Malacca between Malaysia and Indonesia, a bottleneck at risk of blockade in wartime. If the submarine deal is signed, China may also offer Pakistan concessions on building a refuelling and mechanical station in Gwadar, a defence analyst said.China's own submarines could use the station to extend their range in the Indian Ocean. "China is thinking in terms of a maritime silk road now, something to connect the Indian Ocean and Pacific Ocean," said a Pakistani defence official, who declined to be identified.For Pakistan, the corridor is a cheap way to develop its violence-plagued and poverty-stricken Baluchistan province, home to Gwadar.China has promised to invest about $34 billion in energy projects and nearly $12 billion in infrastructure.Xi is also likely to raise fears that Muslim separatists from Xinjiang are linking up with Pakistani militants, and he could also push for closer efforts for a more stable Afghanistan."One of China's top priorities on this trip will be to discuss Xinjiang," said a Western diplomat in Beijing. "China is very worried about the security situation there."   (Additional reporting by Ben Blanchard in Beijing; Editing by Robert Birsel and Clarence Fernandez)
None
259
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/09/04/il-silkroad-idUSnBw045856a%2B100%2BBSW20140904
SilkRoad Announces Update of Life Suite HR Platform with Talent Portal
Thu Sep 4, 2014 10:49am EDT
    SilkRoad Announces Update of Life Suite HR Platform with Talent Portal   Release Offers New Module Integrations and other Enhancements         SilkRoad, a leading global provider of cloud-based talent        management solutions, announced the update of SilkRoad’s new Life        Suite platform. The release introduces Life Suite Login - a unified        login to the Life Suite - and Life Suite Module Integration via Talent        Portal, among several other key features.       Click        here to tweet this release.             Today, the SilkRoad Life Suite includes recently rebranded modules that        are delivered through a tablet-friendly Talent Portal.       Talent Acquisition            SilkRoad Recruiting (OpenHire) – Applicant tracking system that offers          the latest features to find, attract, screen and hire top talent.                 SilkRoad Onboarding (RedCarpet) – Helps drive engagement during every          phase of the employee lifecycle.          Talent Development            SilkRoad Performance (WingSpan) – Flexible performance management,          goal planning, reviews and 360-feedback features, all in an          easy-to-use Interface.                 SilkRoad Learning (GreenLight) – Centrally manages, tracks and reports          on all learning activities, including, online, classroom, on-the-job,          collaboration, and mobile learning.          Talent Administration            SilkRoad HRMS – Provides organizations a single system of record for          managing employee, job and organizational data.                 SilkRoad Talent Apps – Integration with best-in-class HR solution          providers, including an app marketplace.                Highlights of the integrated release make it easier to deploy and use        the Life Suite. Through use of the Talent Portal, customers have a        powerful one-stop-shop for all their HR tools, even if they aren’t from        SilkRoad.       Life Suite Platform Highlights    Central Login – When enabled, users can use their Life Suite          Login credentials to access Life Suite modules, without          re-authenticating.         Central Access – Manage talent needs from a single location.          Talent Portal knows which SilkRoad module(s) to enable and display to          employees, based on security preferences.         Central Administration – The administration panel provides          management access to the SilkRoad modules.         Central Task List – The Talent Portal task list allows users to          see the tasks they need to complete across their enabled SilkRoad          modules. The user can click to the task they need to complete right          from the list.          Supporting Quote         “This iteration of the Life Suite Platform once again shows that        SilkRoad has the most complete and truly integrated, end-to-end talent        management system of its kind,” said John Shackleton, President and CEO        of SilkRoad. “We are delivering the easiest and most unified experience        for our customers and their employees.”       Supporting Resources    Download          the SilkRoad Talent Portal brochure.         Visit          the Talent Portal web site.          About SilkRoad         SilkRoad is a leading global provider of cloud-based, end-to-end talent        management solutions that enable customers to find, attract, develop,        and retain the best talent. The award-winning SilkRoad Life Suite        includes Talent Acquisition, Talent Development, and HRMS solutions that        are delivered through a tablet-friendly Talent Portal. The suite is easy        to deploy and use – a single platform to rapidly boost employee        engagement and business performance. Visit www.silkroad.com,        follow on Twitter @SilkRoadTweets        or call 866-329-3363 (U.S. toll free) or +1-312-574-3700.                SilkRoadRyan Rivera, 312.300.4420Ryan.Rivera@silkroad.com        
None
260
http://www.reuters.com/article/2011/09/10/us-sept11-afghanistan-us-idUSTRE7890S020110910
From policing 9/11 to studying Dari in Afghanistan
Sat Sep 10, 2011 4:37am EDT
  BAMIYAN, Afghanistan Staff sergeant Luis Badillo prefers to leave his NATO base for weekend dinners, and head instead to local cafes where he can share jokes with Afghan colleagues in their native language.Since arriving three months ago in beautiful but impoverished central Baimyan province, the 33-year-old New Yorker has stunned his Afghan and U.S. work mates by taking up Dari, one of the country's two main languages."It's fantastic seeing him chat to all the guys. We wish all of them would learn," said interpreter Asadullah, of the Army reservist's efforts.After the Sept 11, 2001 assault on New York and Washington DC., Badillo, who is a New York state police officer, escorted victims' families to the smoldering Ground Zero site.But he wanted to see first-hand the country where the attack was planned. "I needed to come here at least once and contribute in some way," Badillo told Reuters, in a thick New York accent"So when my unit said they were looking for volunteers to train the Afghan (police), they didn't have to tell me twice." Once he arrived, he decided learning the local language was crucial to garnering support for an increasingly unpopular war.His interest is rare amongst the foreign forces that have been fighting the Taliban for nearly a decade.U.S. General William Caldwell, who has overseen all NATO training of the Afghan army and police for the last two years, said Badillo is the first U.S. soldier he met to study Dari. Because there are no language classes for foreign troops, Badillo attended the coalition's literacy class for Afghan security force recruits at the local police training base.With literacy nationwide under 30 percent, the courses are mandatory for new police recruits."As they learned to read and write, so did I," he told Reuters after quickly jotting down notes in the Arabic script used to write Dari, to approving nods from Afghan colleagues. He peppers conversation with historical tidbits about the province's Silk Road past and the Hazara ethnic group that dominates the area."Once people respect you, it's so easy. You speak their language, and it's a whole different world," Badillo said.He is fortunate to be serving in one of the most peaceful places in Afghanistan, an anti-Taliban bastion whose inhabitants are largely Shi'ite Muslim and were badly mistreated by the Sunni Taliban.In other parts of the country, U.S. soldiers would be risking their lives by wandering in local markets; here there is not even an Afghan army presence -- Afghan police alone guard the valley once famous for towering, centuries-old Buddha statues blown up by the Taliban.(Editing by Emma Graham-Harrison and Jonathan Thatcher)
Emma Graham-Harrison and Jonathan Thatcher
261
http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/11/15/ma-circle-internet-finan-idUSnBw155128a%2B100%2BBSW20131115
Circle CEO Jeremy Allaire to Discuss Bitcoin Before U.S. Senate Committee on Homeland Security & Governmental Affairs November 18
Fri Nov 15, 2013 9:00am EST
    Circle CEO Jeremy Allaire to Discuss Bitcoin Before U.S. Senate        Committee on Homeland Security & Governmental Affairs November 18         Circle Internet Financial:          Who:                                                             Jeremy Allaire, Founder, Chairman & CEO of Circle (www.circle.com),              a financial services company developing products that make it easy              for consumers and businesses to exchange, store, send and receive              digital currency.                                               What:                     Will testify before the U.S. Senate Committee on Homeland Security              and Governmental Affairs in the hearing, “Beyond Silk Road:              Potential Risks, Threats and Promises of Virtual Currencies.”                                               When:                  Monday, November 18 at 3:00 PM ET                                            Where:                  SD-342, Dirksen Senate Office Building                             239 Dirksen Bldg, Washington, DC 20510                                            Press Contact:                  Donna Brown                             SutherlandGold Group for Circle                    circle@sutherlandgold.com                      (714) 928-7449             About Circle         Circle Internet Financial is a privately held digital currency company        based in Boston, Mass. and with international operations headquartered        in Dublin, Ireland. The company was founded in 2013 by Internet        entrepreneur Jeremy Allaire. Circle is backed by venture capital leaders        Jim Breyer, Accel Partners and General Catalyst Partners. For more        information, please visit www.circle.com.                SutherlandGold Group for CircleDonna Brown, 714-928-7449circle@sutherlandgold.com        
None
262
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/02/03/usa-bitcoin-trial-idUSL1N0VD28320150203
Accused Silk Road operator never abandoned website, U.S. tells jury
Tue Feb 3, 2015 2:35pm EST
  NEW YORK A U.S. prosecutor sought on Tuesday to dissuade jurors of believing that the man who created the underground website Silk Road abandoned the venture before authorities shut it down, saying he operated it from beginning to end.Ross Ulbricht, who is on trial in Manhattan federal court, admits to creating Silk Road, where drugs and other goods could be bought with bitcoins. But his lawyers have said he sold the website and became the "fall guy" for its true operators.During closing arguments, a prosecutor tried to refute that claim as "absurd," saying that a "mountain of evidence" from Silk Road's servers and Ulbricht's laptop showed he never ceded control of the website, which they say he ran under the alias Dread Pirate Roberts."He built it, he grew it, he operated it from start to bottom until the end, when he was arrested logged into the website as its mastermind," said the prosecutor, Serrin Turner. Silk Road operated from at least January 2011 until October 2013, when authorities seized the website and arrested Ulbricht at a public library in San Francisco.By the time it was shut down, Silk Road had generated nearly $213.9 million in sales and $13.2 million in commissions, prosecutors said. Ulbricht, 30, faces seven counts, including narcotics trafficking conspiracy, for his role building what Turner called "an online storefront for drug dealers."The Dread Pirate Roberts alias, borrowed from a character in the 1987 movie "The Princess Bride," was a "bogus cover story," Turner added, intended to convince people the pseudonym could be passed on to others, as in the film. "The defendant is trying to dust off the old 'Dread Pirate Roberts' flag and fly it one more time - before you, ladies and gentlemen," Turner said.The defense was expected to present its closing arguments Tuesday afternoon.The case is U.S. v. Ulbricht, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 13-06919.
None
263
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/01/29/silk-road-finance-number-idUSnBw295873a%2B100%2BBSW20150129
REG-SILK ROAD FINANCE NUMBER ONE PLC Notice of Redemption
Thu Jan 29, 2015 10:02am EST
          Notice of Redemption         NOTICE TO NOTEHOLDERS   SILK ROAD FINANCE NUMBER ONE PLC   4th Floor, 40 Dukes Place,   London EC3A 7NH   (as Issuer)         Dated 29 January 2015       To the Noteholders of:   £2,500,000,000 Class A1 Mortgage Backed Floating Rate Notes due        December 2052   (Common Code: 048842089, ISIN: XS0488420893)   (the "Class A1 Notes")         NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the Issuer will redeem all outstanding Class        A1 Notes at their then Principal Amount Outstanding together with        accrued interest on 23 March 2015, pursuant to condition 7.3(a)(iii) of        the Class A1 Notes which allows for redemption of the Class A1 Notes on        any Interest Payment Date falling on or after the Expected Maturity        Date. This notice is irrevocable.             The Issuer has requested the UK Listing Authority to cancel the listing        of the Class A1 Notes on the Official List maintained by the UK Listing        Authority with effect from 30 March 2015 and also notified the London        Stock Exchange plc that it wishes to cancel the admission to trading on        the London Stock Exchange of the Class A1 Notes with effect from 30        March 2015 following the full and final redemption of the Class A1 Notes        by the Issuer on 23 March 2015.       Terms used but not defined in this notice bear the same meaning as        set out in the trust deed made between, amongst others, Silk Road        Finance Number One PLC, the Security Trustee and the Note Trustee dated        25 February 2010 and supplemented on 17 January 2014.   Silk Road Finance Number One PLC            SILK ROAD FINANCE NUMBER ONE PLC          
None
264
http://www.reuters.com/article/2012/11/13/us-usa-fiscal-geithner-idUSBRE8AC17120121113
U.S. warns against kicking fiscal crisis down the road
Tue Nov 13, 2012 5:53pm EST
  WASHINGTON Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner on Tuesday warned against extending all the U.S. tax breaks to give Washington additional time to broker a deficit reduction deal, saying it would create more uncertainty in the markets.Seven weeks are left for the Obama administration and Congress to deal with the so-called fiscal cliff, or $600 billion worth of tax hikes and spending cuts that will go into effect next year and may trigger a recession if Washington does nothing.With lawmakers and the White House bickering over how to put the country on a sustainable fiscal path, a number of lawmakers and think tanks have argued for more time."That will leave all the uncertainty you don't like on the table," said Geithner at an event sponsored by the Wall Street Journal, in his first public comments on the looming fiscal crisis since U.S. President Barack Obama won re-election last week. Earlier, Geithner and Obama met with leaders from the country's biggest labor unions and liberal groups where Obama repeated his campaign promise to raise taxes on the wealthiest and hold tax rates down for those earning below $250,000, according to attendees. At the event, Geithner said it was not feasible to reduce the deficit over the long term without additional revenues."If you believe ... we shouldn't be asking middle class Americans to pay more in taxes, then I don't see how you do this without higher rates," said Geithner, who is expected to stay into early next year to help the White House negotiate with Congress. Obama has made an effort to reach out to congressional leaders since winning re-election and on Friday will meet with top Democratic and Republican lawmakers to start budget negotiations.(Reporting by Rachelle Younglai, editing by Gary Crosse and Prudence Crowther)
Rachelle Younglai, editing by Gary Crosse and Prudence Crowther
265
http://www.reuters.com/article/2011/02/17/idUS209920%2B17-Feb-2011%2BMW20110217
 Larry Carter, Former Cisco Chief Financial Officer, Receives Hall of Fame Lifetime Achievement Award
Thu Feb 17, 2011 1:08pm EST
    SAN FRANCISCO, CA, Feb 17 (MARKET WIRE) --  The Independent Selection Panel of the Bay Area CFO of the Year Awards announced today Larry Carter, former senior vice president, Office of the Chairman and CEO, Cisco and former Cisco Chief Financial Officer, as the recipient of the 2011 Hall of Fame - Lifetime Achievement Award. Carter, along with the finalists and winners in six other CFO award categories, will be honored at the sixth annual Bay Area CFO of the Year Awards on June 1, 2011 at the Westin St. Francis Hotel in San Francisco.       The awards dinner is a sell-out event attended by prominent Bay Area business executives. All proceeds benefit Larkin Street Youth Services, the leading nonprofit providing housing, education, job assistance, medical and social services to homeless and at-risk youth in San Francisco.      Carter has made many contributions over his career, most notably while serving as a key executive at Cisco and providing guidance and leadership to others in the Bay Area finance community. He joined Cisco in January 1995 as Vice President of Finance and Administration, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary. In July 1997, he was promoted to Senior Vice President of Finance and Administration, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary. Carter was elected to the Cisco Board of Directors in July 2000. In May 2003, upon his retirement as Chief Financial Officer and Secretary, he was appointed Senior Vice President, Office of the Chairman and CEO. He retired from that position and from his employment with Cisco in November 2008. Before joining Cisco, he was employed by Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. as Vice President and Corporate Controller. Carter previously served as a director of QLogic Corporation, ending in 2008. Currently, Carter is a member of Cisco's Board of Directors, is a trustee and founder of the Cisco Foundation, and a member of the CHP's 11-99 Foundation Board of Directors dedicated to providing financial assistance and scholarships to support the families of California Highway Patrol.      "I am honored to receive this award and be recognized alongside Bay Area financial leaders and colleagues," said Carter. "I am particularly proud to participate in an event that supports the meaningful work that Larkin Street Youth Services provides in serving homeless and at-risk youth in the local community."       Past recipients of the Hall of Fame - Lifetime Achievement Award are Robert P. Wayman, Hewlett-Packard Company; Peter A. Darbee, PG&E Corporation, Pacific Gas and Electric Company; Andy D. Bryant, Intel Corporation; Jeffrey O. Henley, Oracle; and Lou Lavinge, Genentech, Inc.       Finalists for the Bay Area CFO of the Year will be announced in March and the Winners will be announced at the dinner and awards ceremony on June 1, 2011. Finalists and winners will be chosen by a blue ribbon independent Selection Panel comprised of business and academic leaders including: Alison Davis, Audit Committee Chair, LECG, Gamefly, Xoom, Silk Road Technologies, and InterAct 911; Mary Huss, Publisher, San Francisco Business Times; Rich Lyons, Dean, Haas School of Business, U C Berkeley; Byron Pollitt, CFO, Visa, Inc.; and Gideon Yu, General Partner, Khosla Ventures.      About The Bay Area CFO of the Year Awards  Now in its sixth year, The Bay Area CFO of the Year Awards is a partnership between the San Francisco Business Times and Larkin Street Youth Services. The event has raised nearly $2 million over the past five years to benefit Larkin Street Youth Services. Title Sponsors for the 2011 Bay Area CFO of the Year Awards are Comerica Bank and Deloitte.  www.cfoawards.org       About Larkin Street Youth Services  Founded in 1984, San Francisco's Larkin Street Youth Services is an internationally recognized leader providing innovative, effective housing, medical, social and educational services to at-risk homeless and runaway youth ages 12-24 across 25 programs and 13 sites. Seventy-six percent of youth who complete Larkin Street's comprehensive programs exit street life. For more information, please visit www.larkinstreetyouth.org.        Media Contact: Nicole Garroutte  (415) 673.0911 ext. 305 ngarroutte@larkinstreetyouth.org   Copyright 2011, Market Wire, All rights reserved.  -0-     
None
266
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/03/10/bitcoin-auction-idUSL1N0WB0T820150310
U.S. Marshals: 3 winning bidders in last week's bitcoin auction
Tue Mar 10, 2015 2:30pm EDT
  NEW YORK, March 10 The U.S. Marshals Service announced on Tuesday that three bidders won last week's third auction of bitcoins seized from Ross Ulbricht, convicted of operating black-market website Silk Road.Marshals Service spokeswoman Lynzey Donahue said in an email that the winning bidders won quantities totaling 27,000, 20,000, and 3,000 bitcoins, adding the transfer of the virtual currencies have been completed. There were a total 50,000 bitcoins auctioned off.  She did not give the identities of the winners.   (Reporting by Gertrude Chavez-Dreyfuss; Editing by Chris Reese) 
Gertrude Chavez-Dreyfuss
267
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/02/10/us-investing-bitcoin-idUSBREA191Y220140210
Bitcoin plunges after marketplace indefinitely halts withdrawals
Mon Feb 10, 2014 5:47pm EST
  NEW YORK The price of the digital currency bitcoin slid to its lowest level in nearly two months on Monday after bitcoin digital marketplace Mt. Gox said a halt on withdrawals it announced on Friday would continue indefinitely after it detected "unusual activity."The bitcoin price varied dramatically from one exchange to another, with Tokyo-based Mt. Gox, the best known operator of a bitcoin digital marketplace, recording one of the biggest drops for the day.On the Mt. Gox platform the currency plunged to as low as $500 early on Monday, down more than 27 percent from Friday's final price of $692, according to the Mt. Gox website. It last traded at $595.74, off nearly 14 percent from Friday."This technical issue is of a much larger intensity than we've seen in the past," said Sebastien Galy, currency strategist at Societe Generale in New York. "The market may be realizing that there are issues which are specific to these forms of currencies."The bitcoin in recent months started to gain wider acceptance, with Overstock.com and the Sacramento Kings basketball team both saying they would begin to accept the currency.More recently, the digital currency has drawn increased scrutiny. New York state's top bank regulator in late January revealed plans to regulate businesses handling transactions in bitcoin this year.TRANSACTIONS COULD BE ALTERED The bitcoin price started falling fast on Friday when Mt. Gox said it was temporarily halting withdrawals due to unexplained technical issues.In an updated statement on Monday, Mt. Gox said withdrawals were on hold indefinitely after it "has detected unusual activity on its bitcoin wallets and performed investigations during the past weeks. This confirmed the presence of transactions which need to be examined more closely."Mt. Gox said a "bug in the bitcoin software" could allow transaction details to be altered. In effect, someone on the network could alter transaction details to make it appear a transfer of bitcoins from one digital wallet to another had not occurred when in fact it had. This might cause the transfer to be repeated.A bitcoin wallet is an application that stores bitcoins for the currency's users.Mt. Gox said the issue was not limited to the exchange and "affects all transactions where bitcoins are being sent to a third party." It said the withdrawal suspension would be in effect until the issue has been resolved.CoinDesk, which launched the CoinDesk Bitcoin Price Index in September, removed Mt. Gox from its index Monday, citing its "persistent failure to meet the index's standards for inclusion." "These recent withdrawal restrictions are just the latest in a series of issues which have made Mt. Gox's inclusion in the BPI problematic," CoinDesk said.On CoinDesk's bitcoin index, the bitcoin price was lower but not by nearly as much as on the Mt. Gox platform. The CoinDesk index showed bitcoin at $667.79 on late Monday afternoon, down about 5 percent from Friday's close of $703.57. Its low for the day was around $540 versus $500 on Mt. Gox.On both platforms, the price was still around the lowest since late December. The price had topped $1,000 as recently as late January."With the volatility in the currency being as much as it is, it's going to take some time before we get enough of a comfort level from investors and merchants to enable it to be used ubiquitously," said Darrin Peller, managing director at Barclays in New York.The arrest of a prominent bitcoin advocate just over two weeks ago threw a spotlight on the currency. Charlie Shrem, 24, operator of the Bitinstant bitcoin exchange company, was charged by U.S. prosecutors with conspiring to commit money laundering by helping to funnel cash to illicit online drugs bazaar Silk Road. The following day Shrem resigned as vice chairman of the Bitcoin Foundation, an advocacy group.(Reporting by Sam Forgione; Editing by Dan Burns and Leslie Adler)
Sam Forgione
268
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/05/19/idUSP7N0Y300F20150519%3Fsymbol%3DDTEGn.DE
269
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/04/15/markets-china-stocks-close-idUSZZN2RFI0020150415
China stocks post biggest fall in a month, small caps slump
Wed Apr 15, 2015 3:20am EDT
  SHANGHAI, April 15 The Chinese stock market posted its biggest one-day drop in more than a month on Wednesday, with a tumble in small-cap shares offsetting gains in infrastructure and banking stocks.A slew of weak economic data this week has also soured investor sentiment. On Wednesday, China reported economic growth slowed to a six-year low.The economy grew 7 percent in the January-March quarter from a year earlier - the worst showing since the depths of the global financial crisis, data showed, highlighting the need for further monetary easing. The CSI300 index of the largest listed companies in Shanghai and Shenzhen fell 1.3 percent, to 4,380.5, while the Shanghai Composite Index dropped 1.2 percent, to 4,084.16 points. "Valuation of China's blue chips is still reasonable...but most of China's small-cap companies are expensive," said Huang Ruiqing, fund manager at Bosera Asset Management Co. Shenzhen's start-up board ChiNext and the SME board for small- and medium-sized enterprises tumbled 4.7 percent and 3.7 percent, respectively, amid concerns over their lofty valuations.But banks, infrastructure and transportation stocks jumped, as investors are betting such companies would benefit from China's ambitious "Modern Silk Road" scheme that will see huge infrastructure investment around Asia.            (Reporting by the Samuel Shen and Pete Sweeney; Editing by Jacqueline Wong)
the Samuel Shen and Pete Sweeney
270
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/07/01/us-usa-bitcoin-idUSKBN0F64RI20140701
One winner in U.S. Marshals bitcoin sale, identity not known
Tue Jul 1, 2014 5:07pm EDT
  The U.S. Marshals Service had one winner in its auction of nearly 30,000 bitcoin, a spokeswoman said on Tuesday, without revealing the name of the successful bidder. The U.S. Marshals Service held an auction on Friday for 29,655 bitcoin seized during a raid on Silk Road, an Internet black-market bazaar where authorities say illegal drugs and other goods could be obtained. The winner was notified on Monday evening and the transfer of bitcoin took place Tuesday, according to Lynzey Donahue, spokeswoman for the USMS.The auction drew 63 bids from 45 registered bidders on Friday. The price of bitcoin rose on Tuesday, adding to Monday's gains. It was last priced at $652.02, up 2 percent on the session, and has gained more than 15 percent since June 25, according to digital currency exchange Coindesk. Several prominent participants have come forward to say that their bids were not accepted. Barry Silbert of SecondMarket Holdings, which runs a bitcoin investment platform, said on Monday his firm was outbid, as did hedge fund Pantera Capital, which bid below the market price, according to Pantera chief executive Dan Morehead. Bitcoin Shop Inc, which trades on the over-the-counter market OTCQB, said in a release on Tuesday that its bid had also been rejected. The virtual currency ecommerce company bid directly in the auction as well as through a syndicate organized by SecondMarket.   "Bitcoin Shop will continue to evaluate investment opportunities such as this in the future," the statement said. Silk Road was shut after an FBI raid in September 2013 as agents took control of its server and arrested Ross Ulbricht, a Texan who authorities said owned and operated the website.    (Reporting by Nate Raymond and Gertrude Chavez Dreyfuss; Writing by David Gaffen; Editing by James Dalgleish and Gunna Dickson)
Nate Raymond and Gertrude Chavez Dreyfuss
271
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/07/09/us-usa-silkroad-ulbricht-idUSKBN0FE29420140709
Accused Silk Road creator loses bid to dismiss U.S. indictment
Wed Jul 9, 2014 3:34pm EDT
  NEW YORK The man accused of creating Silk Road, which U.S. authorities said was an online drug marketplace, lost his bid on Wednesday to dismiss a federal indictment accusing him of conspiring to deal illegal narcotics and launder money.Ross Ulbricht, who prosecutors said was known online as "Dread Pirate Roberts," had claimed he did not conspire with Silk Road users who might have broken the law by completing transactions on the now-defunct website, using the digital currency bitcoin. He also claimed he was not involved in money laundering because bitcoins are not money.In a 51-page decision, U.S. District Judge Katherine Forrest in Manhattan said, "the design and operation" of Silk Road and Ulbricht's role as an "intermediary" between website users justified letting prosecutors pursue their case."The allegations amount to Ulbricht acting as a sort of 'godfather' - determining the territory, the actions which may be undertaken, and the commissions he will retain; disciplining others to stay in line, and generally casting himself as a leader," Forrest wrote. "Whether the government can prove the facts alleged is not a question at this stage."Forrest also said the federal money laundering statute encompasses bitcoins, noting that the virtual currency's value can be expressed in dollars. "Any other reading would - in light of Bitcoin's' sole raison d'etre - be nonsensical," she said. "One can money launder using Bitcoin."Ulbricht, 29, faces four conspiracy counts, including engaging in a continuing criminal enterprise, narcotics trafficking, computer hacking and money laundering. The criminal enterprise count carries a maximum sentence of life in prison. A trial is scheduled for Nov. 3, court records showed. Ulbricht is in federal custody, following his arrest on Oct. 1 at a public library in San Francisco. Authorities shut down Silk Road shortly before the arrest.Joshua Dratel, a lawyer for Ulbricht, declined to comment, saying he had not yet reviewed the decision.In seeking to dismiss the indictment, Ulbricht said the government portrayed him as being, at most, a "steerer" or "facilitator" of alleged illegal conduct, not a co-conspirator. But the judge said the indictment went further, alleging that Silk Road was "specifically and intentionally designed" to create an "expansive black market" for drugs and malicious software and laundering money.She said the allegations, if true, would distinguish Silk Road from websites such as Amazon.com Inc and eBay Inc, which are intended for buyers and sellers to complete transactions lawfully.Individuals accessed Silk Road with an encryption program that allowed anonymous communications. On June 27, the U.S. Marshals Service auctioned 29,655 bitcoins, then valued at $17.7 million, seized from Silk Road.Bitcoins are transacted independent of central control, and not backed by any government or central bank.The case is U.S. v. Ulbricht, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 14-cr-00068. (Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New York; Editing by Jeffrey Benkoe)
Jonathan Stempel in New York
272
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/05/25/markets-precious-idUSL5N0YG1CW20150525
PRECIOUS-Gold eases as Yellen comments shore up dollar
Mon May 25, 2015 9:51am EDT
  * Yellen signals Fed on track to hike US rates this year* Dollar at highest in a month after Yellen's comments* US, British markets shut on Monday   (Updates prices)By Clara DeninaLONDON, May 25 (Reuters) - Gold prices were marginally lower on Monday, as the dollar gained traction against major currency rivals, on signs the Federal Reserve is preparing to tighten monetary policy for the first time in six years in 2015.Fed Chair Janet Yellen indicated on Friday that the U.S. central bank was poised to raise rates this year, with the world's largest economy set to bounce back from an early-2015 slump. Higher U.S. interest rates increases the opportunity cost of holding non-yielding bullion.Spot gold was down 0.1 percent at $1,205.06 an ounce by 1339 GMT, but held above a near-two-week low of $1,201.20 hit in the previous session. It posted its biggest weekly drop in a month last week, down 1.4 percent.Liquidity was thin with British and U.S. markets shut for holidays. "The Fed raising the rates is certainly not electrifying news for the precious metal, which is on track to extend its biggest weekly decline since April," AvaTrade chief market analyst Naeem Aslam said."Yellen last week has confirmed that she is still confident that the rates will rise this year and (gold) traders are not fond of this news at all."The prospect of higher rates later in 2015 boosted the dollar to its highest in a month against a basket of major currencies on Monday. Stronger-than-expected underlying U.S. inflation and persisting Greek debt worries also supported the greenback. A stronger dollar makes gold more expensive for holders of other currencies, while diminishing the metal's appeal as an hedge against risk.In the physical markets, gold demand across Asia was soft as investors channel their money towards higher-yielding stock markets.Indian gold jewellery demand in the second half of the year could take a hit as the Hindu calendar shows the number of dates seen as being auspicious for weddings will drop 40 percent in the second half from a year earlier.In other Asia-related news, China has established a fund that is expected to raise about $16 billion for gold-backed investment as part of its "Silk Road" initiative to develop trade and transport infrastructure across Asia and beyond, official media reported.Silver was down 0.3 percent at $17.07 an ounce, after falling 2.2 percent last week. Platinum dropped 0.1 percent to $1,143.99 an ounce and palladium rose 0.2 percent to $782.72 an ounce.   (Additional reporting by A. Ananthalakshmi in Singapore and Veronica Brown in London; Editing by Alison Williams)
None
273
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/02/27/us-kenya-economy-finmin-idUSKBN0LV1ZI20150227
Kenya says new roads, rail links will help spur economic growth to 7 percent
Fri Feb 27, 2015 11:34am EST
  NAIROBI Kenya's drive to improve rail, roads and power plants will help spur economic growth to 6.9 percent in 2015 and 7 percent in coming years, its finance minister said.Henry Rotich also told the Reuters Africa Investment Summit that the government would remain "active" in international capital markets after its oversubscribed Eurobond debut last year, but did not give details of new issues.As well as infrastructure development, Kenya's economy would benefit from the drop in global oil prices, which would spur the manufacturing sector and lift consumption, he said."There is a lot of economic activity and potential growth in almost all sectors is tangible," Rotich said in response to  questions emailed by Reuters.However, he said the outlook still remained susceptible to security concerns. A number of militant attacks in East Africa's biggest economy over the past two years, blamed on Somali al Shabaab insurgents, has dented earnings from the country's tourism sector, a key source of foreign exchange.  Hiccups in agriculture could also affect the economy, he said. Farming contributes a quarter to annual economic output."The perceived insecurity risk dampens the tourism sector and depressed rainfall could affect exports and agriculture," Rotich said. Kenya's economic growth, which peaked at 7.1 percent in 2007, has fallen to an estimated 5.3 percent last year.Government officials are racing to improve transport networks and build new power plants to boost growth, after decades of underinvestment. China is financing a new 327 billion shilling ($3.58 billion) railway from the port of Mombasa to the Ugandan border to boost links to regional trading partners. Uganda is looking to extend the line to Rwanda.Improved transport links could also see the country import more, meaning the current account deficit would likely persist even as a weaker oil price cuts the cost of oil imports, the minister said.The current account deficit is expected to widen to 8 percent of GDP in the fiscal year ending June 2015, from 7.6 percent a year earlier, ratings agency Fitch said in January.  On government borrowing, Rotich said Kenya planned to return to international debt markets after issuing a debut sovereign bond last June that raised an initial $2 billion and a further $750 million in a tap sale in November."We will continue to be active in international capital markets," Rotich said. He has previously said Kenya was considering an Islamic law-compliant bond, known as a sukuk.Rotich also said a capital gains tax re-introduced in January, after it was scrapped in the 1980s, would contribute "a small, but not trivial source of revenue for the government." The tax, set at 5 percent of an investor's gains from trading shares, depressed activity on the Nairobi stock exchange at the start of the year when it took effect, but the market has since recovered, scaling six-year highs."We will continue to refine the legal framework of capital gains tax to ensure that there is clarity and certainty for investors," he said without elaborating.(Follow Reuters Summits on Twitter @Reuters_Summits)     (Editing by James Macharia and Susan Fenton)
James Macharia and Susan Fenton
274
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/01/21/us-usa-bitcoin-trial-idUSKBN0KU2JQ20150121
Accused Silk Road operator maintained journal about website: U.S
Wed Jan 21, 2015 3:29pm EST
  NEW YORK The accused operator of the online black marketplace Silk Road had a digital journal on his laptop detailing the development of the website and predicting it would become a "phenomenon," jurors heard on Wednesday.Prosecutors showed jurors in Manhattan federal court journal entry excerpts dated in 2010 and 2011 found on a laptop seized when the FBI arrested Ross Ulbricht, who authorities say operated the website where drugs and other illicit goods could be bought with bitcoins."Silk Road is going to become a phenomenon and at least one person will tell me about it, unknowing that I was its creator," a 2010 journal entry on Ulbricht's laptop said.The documents came on the fifth day of the high-profile trial to spill out of U.S. authorities' efforts to crack down on the use of the digital currency bitcoin for drug trafficking and other crimes.Prosecutors say Ulbricht operated Silk Road under the alias "Dread Pirate Roberts" in a scheme that generated $200 million in drug sales until authorities shut the website down. Ulbricht has pleaded not guilty to charges including conspiracy to commit narcotics trafficking. Joshua Dratel, his lawyer, has acknowledged Ulbricht created Silk Road but says his client became the "fall guy" for its true operators.Prosecutors introduced the journal entries as well as chatlogs found on the laptop in an effort to demonstrate Ulbricht was Silk Road's operator.A 2010 entry on Ulbricht's laptop said the website was originally going to be called "Underground Brokers." "The idea was to create a website where people could buy anything anonymously, with no trail whatsoever that could lead back to them," the journal said.A 2011 journal entry detailed the launch of Silk Road, a "huge spike in signups" after getting press attention and calls by two U.S. senators for Silk Road's shutdown."I was mentally taxed, and now I felt extremely vulnerable and scared," the journal said. "The US govt, my main enemy was aware of me and some of it's members were calling for my destruction." A Dec. 29, 2011, journal entry detailed going out that day  with a woman who knew "I work with bitcoin" and telling her about having "secrets.""It felt wrong to lie completely so I tried to tell the truth without revealing the bad part, but now I am in a jam," the entry wrote. "Everyone knows too much. Dammit."The case is U.S. v. Ulbricht, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 13-06919. (Reporting by Nate Raymond in New York; editing by Andrew Hay)
Nate Raymond in New York
275
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/07/18/us-denmark-bitcoin-idUSKBN0FN23120140718
Danish virtual bourse to trade NXT 'cryptocurrency' for real money
Fri Jul 18, 2014 12:25pm EDT
  COPENHAGEN Danish virtual currency exchange CCEDK is to start trading cryptocurrency NXT for real money such as dollars and euros, the first company to offer this service for the lesser-known cousin of the bitcoin.A boom in bitcoin faltered when Mt. Gox, the world's best-known exchange for that currency, went bankrupt in February after it had lost nearly half a billion dollars-worth of the virtual coins due to hacking into its faulty computer system.According to coinmarketcap.com, a website monitoring the values of cryptocurrencies, bitcoin's price peaked in November 2013 at $1100 but has since slumped to $622 per coin since the collapse of Tokyo-based Mt. Gox and as regulators discuss market scrutiny. It still has a market capitalization of $8.1 billion however.By contrast, NXT, the fourth largest cryptocurrency, has a market capitalization of $45 million and is currently valued at 4.5 cents per virtual coin.CCEDK, launched in May, will start trading in NXT on July 19 and is aiming for turnover on the exchange of $45,000 a day within six months, its boss said. "I think it will be a very busy weekend for us," chief executive and co-founder of the Crypto Coins Exchange platform CCEDK, Ronny Boesing, said. "There is a customer base of 20,000 active users in the NXT community, for whom we can offer something they haven't had access to before," he told Reuters. China's ban of the use of bitcoins by financial institutions in December last year and the shutdown by the U.S. FBI of the 'Silk Road' online black market have further weighed on the bitcoin and the development of cryptocurrency markets.   (Reporting by Stine Jacobsen and Sabina Zawadzki; Editing by Sophie Walker)
Stine Jacobsen and Sabina Zawadzki
276
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/05/27/press-digest-nyt-idUSL3N0YI23M20150527
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - May 27
Wed May 27, 2015 1:23am EDT
  May 27 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.* Criminals gained access to past tax returns of more than 100,000 people through an application on the Internal Revenue Service's website and used personal information to claim $50 million in fraudulent refunds, the agency said (nyti.ms/1chFqoB) * ReCode, the news website led by the veteran journalists Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher, is being acquired by Vox Media, a deal that reflects the turmoil among digital organizations focused on covering the tech industry. (nyti.ms/1RmtX6Z) * The Securities and Exchange Commission had claimed that Deutsche Bank AG "overstated" the value of a multibillion-dollar portfolio of derivatives during the height of the financial crisis. The bank, without admitting or denying wrongdoing, agreed to pay a $55 million penalty to the S.E.C to settle claims that its "inadequate internal accounting controls" violated federal securities law. (nyti.ms/1etJHqX) * Federal prosecutors in Manhattan are seeking a lengthy prison sentence for the creator of Silk Road, a once-thriving website that allowed users to anonymously buy and sell heroin, cocaine, LSD and other drugs online until it was shut down by the authorities in 2013. (nyti.ms/1JVa30V)* Accused of accounting tricks to defraud lenders, three former executives of the law firm of Dewey & LeBoeuf instead blamed "greedy" lawyers who took clients, hastening the firm's demise. (nyti.ms/1F9KT8k)   (Compiled by Zara Mascarenhas in Bengaluru)
None
277
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/02/07/us-usa-silkroad-ulbricht-idUSBREA161LH20140207
Accused Silk Road website owner faces November trial
Fri Feb 7, 2014 1:54pm EST
  NEW YORK A Texas man accused of creating an underground online drugs marketplace called Silk Road will face trial in November.U.S. District Judge Katherine Forrest in Manhattan scheduled the trial for November 3 as Ross Ulbricht, 29, pleaded not guilty to a four-count indictment unveiled on Tuesday. The charges include money laundering conspiracy and engaging in a continuing criminal enterprise."I know your client is in custody, so I'm sure you'd like to get this done sooner rather than later," Forrest said to Ulbricht's lawyer on Friday.Ulbricht, who prosecutors say went online by the name "Dread Pirate Roberts", has been incarcerated since his arrest in October. Prosecutors say that Ulbricht owned and operated Silk Road, which they allege sold drugs and criminal services in exchange for the digital currency bitcoin.The bulk of the items for sale on Silk Road were illegal drugs including heroin, cocaine and ecstasy, prosecutors say. The site also carried listings for computer hacking services, forgeries and malicious software, according to authorities. Prosecutors say that Ulbricht, managing a small staff of paid site administrators, reaped tens of millions of dollars in commissions through Silk Road.The indictment charges Ulbricht with one count each of narcotics conspiracy, engaging in a continuing criminal enterprise, conspiracy to commit computer hacking and money laundering conspiracy. U.S. authorities have to date seized 173,991 bitcoins that at current exchange rates are worth more than $130 million, according to CoinDesk, a bitcoin price index publisher.Federal authorities have separately charged three men -Andrew Jones, Gary Davis and Peter Nash - in connection with their alleged roles in assisting Ulbricht in operating Silk Road.The case is U.S. v. Ulbricht, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 13-06919.(Reporting by Nate Raymond in New York; Editing by Stephen Powell)
Nate Raymond in New York
278
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/02/22/us-srilanka-china-idUSBREA1L0OL20140222
China in three-day talks with Sri Lanka on economic cooperation
Sat Feb 22, 2014 11:08am EST
  COLOMBO Chinese officials began three days of talks on economic cooperation with Sri Lanka on Saturday, as Beijing strengthens relations with the Indian Ocean island that is a focal point for its regional rivalry with India."This visit will give an added impetus to opportunities accruing to Sri Lanka in the context of promoting the country as a regional 'commercial hub'," Sri Lanka's external affairs ministry said in a statement.China has increased its investments in Sri Lanka, funding airports, roads, railways and ports, something that has unsettled India, traditionally the closest economic partner of the island of 21 million people. The Chinese delegation visit comes after Sri Lankan Foreign Minister G.L. Peiris, on a trip to China this month, said a feasibility study on a free trade pact "is on the verge of completion" and the deal could be sealed by the end of the year. Sri Lanka won China's diplomatic support in a human right row this month when Beijing voiced support for Colombo after the United States said it would table a U.N. resolution over human rights on the island. Among the issues to be discussed in the February 22-25 talks is a bilateral maritime cooperation deal, dubbed a '21st century Maritime Silk Road', that would cover issues such as fisheries, technology and environmental protection.(Reporting by Shihar Aneez; Editing by Robin Pomeroy)
Shihar Aneez
279
http://www.reuters.com/article/slideshow/idUSBRE89F05720121016
280
http://www.reuters.com/article/2011/03/02/us-britain-afghanistan-museum-idUSTRE72122C20110302
Karzai opens London show of rescued Afghan treasures
Wed Mar 2, 2011 10:22am EST
  LONDON Even in the chaos and violence of war there is hope. That is the message running through a new British Museum exhibition of Afghanistan's ancient treasures thought lost, destroyed, or looted over the past 30 years.The collection of 200 priceless artefacts spanning 4,000 years of history, from enameled Roman glass goblets, stunning solid gold headdresses and polished stone tableware from Egypt, were saved by a handful of Afghan officials who risked their lives hiding them.Afghan President Hamid Karzai, in London for talks with British Prime Minister David Cameron, opened the exhibition "Afghanistan: Crossroads of the Ancient World," late Tuesday.In ancient times, the country was the crossroads linking Asia to the Middle East and Europe. Sitting strategically along the heavily trodden trade routes, now known as the Silk Road, it was here that goods were exchanged -- including lacquer from China, ivory from India and luxuries from Roman Egypt.Preservation of this enormously rich cultural heritage against all the odds is a theme revisited throughout the show which has toured internationally since 2006.Included for the first time is a set of stolen first century Indian ivory furniture carvings bought on the antiquities market by a London dealer only last year for an undisclosed sum, specifically with the intention of returning them. They have rarely been seen in public before. "An individual has gone out and retrieved what is probably the largest single group of antiquities that were known to have been looted from the national museum in Kabul during the civil war between 1992-1994 and has gifted them back," curator and show organizer StJohn Simpson told reporters.CLASSICAL WORLDThe show begins with a 2nd-century BC limestone statue of a youth with long flowing hair and Macedonian sombrero-like hat on his back. It comes from a Hellenistic Greek city -- later known as Ai Khanum in Uzbek -- founded in Bactria on the Oxus river, northern Afghanistan, by one of Alexander the Great's generals Seleucus I. The Macedonian king had led his army into Asia in the 4th century BC to conquer the mighty Persian empire.Already badly damaged when it was found by archaeologists in 1971 it was pieced back together and exhibited in the National Museum in Kabul.In 2001 it was smashed by the Taliban who were obliterating any form of human imagery under a strict interpretation of Islam, including the colossal Bamiyan Buddha statues in the center of the country. The classical bust was recovered by Afghan officials who carefully restored and concealed it along the other mesmerizing treasures unearthed by archaeologists in the last century."It's a symbol really for the whole of the country and the whole of this exhibition: all in one piece," Simpson said.All the objects displayed were feared lost during the Soviet invasion in 1979 and the civil war that followed when the national museum was hit by rockets, before the Taliban later ransacked it.British Museum Director Neil MacGregor said of the Indian ivories displayed at the end of the show: "We wanted to present this narrative of creation, of exchange, destruction and recovery -- we wanted to end that on a note of hope."(Reporting by Stefano Ambrogi; editing by Keith Weir)
Stefano Ambrogi
281
http://www.reuters.com/article/slideshow/idUSKCN0IC1GE20141023
282
http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/10/02/crime-silkroad-raid-idUSL1N0HS12C20131002
FBI raids alleged online drug market Silk Road, arrests owner
Wed Oct 2, 2013 11:36am EDT
  NEW YORK Oct 2 U.S. law enforcement authorities raided an Internet site that served as a marketplace for illegal drugs, including heroin and cocaine, and arrested its owner, the Federal Bureau of Investigation said on Wednesday. The FBI arrested Ross William Ulbricht, known as "Dread Pirate Roberts," in San Francisco on Tuesday, according to court filings. Federal prosecutors charged Ulbricht with one count each of narcotics trafficking conspiracy, computer hacking conspiracy and money laundering conspiracy, according to a court filing.  
None
283
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/04/22/us-eu-bitcoin-regulations-idUSKBN0ND1A220150422
EU markets watchdog to look deeper into digital currency investments
Wed Apr 22, 2015 7:41am EDT
  LONDON The European Union's markets watchdog is examining trading investments based on digital currency systems like bitcoin, saying it is unclear whether ownership is legally enforceable.The European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) said the databases or "block chains" which record every transaction  ever conducted in such cryptocurrencies were already being used to issue and trade some securities, bypassing regulated stock exchanges and central securities depositories.A block chain shows at any given moment in time who owns how much of the virtual currency, which is not backed by any government or central bank."ESMA would like to find out more about these market developments and in particular to know to what extent the use of the block chain could enter the financial mainstream, and how it could be used," the watchdog said in a statement.The sector came under regulatory scrutiny after the Silk Road online black market for drugs and other illegal transactions, was closed in 2013.ESMA, due to have powers from 2017 to ban harmful financial products, said it has been monitoring and analyzing virtual currency-based investments for six months. Its "call for evidence" on Wednesday focused on investment schemes, derivatives like options, and contracts-for-difference (CFDs) that are based on a virtual currency or invest in virtual currency-related businesses.It said it is also looking at assets such as shares and funds that are exclusively traded using block chains, and the application of block chain technology inside or outside virtual currencies.Virtual currency-based assets or securities are created and transferred using software that operates on top of the bitcoin block chain. "It is unclear whether and how ownership rights created via a block chain would be enforceable," ESMA said.There is also no reliable information on who owns virtual currency-based financial assets, it added.The watchdog said it had no pre-conceived view as to whether any other regulatory action is needed beyond the call for evidence and had "no immediate plans to take any". It said the largest collective investment scheme has 116 million euros under management, with two regulated companies in Europe offering CFDs in bitcoins and litecoins.Two funds have said they are domiciled in Europe but ESMA said it was "unclear" if that was in fact the case.Eleven of the 17 identified virtual currency exchanges "seem" to be located in Europe, it added in its call for further information from the sector.One bitcoin is currently worth around $234 (Editing by Greg Mahlich)
Greg Mahlich
284
http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/05/27/us-bulgaria-vote-finmin-idUSBRE94Q0BA20130527
Socialists nominate Chobanov as new Bulgaria finance minister
Mon May 27, 2013 9:28am EDT
  SOFIA Economist Petar Chobanov has been nominated as finance minister in Bulgaria's Socialist-backed technocrat government of Plamen Oresharski, due to face a parliamentary vote of confidence later this week, sources familiar with the process said.Soft-spoken Chobanov, 36, is not a party member but was in charge of the ministry's forecast agency in a previous Socialist-led cabinet until 2009, when Oresharski was a finance minister. "He's the choice for finance minister," a senior socialist politician told Reuters while another official close to party talks said his grouping was to approve the cabinet lineup including Chobanov later on Monday. Oresharski's government of professionals is also backed by the ethnic Turkish MRF party and is expected to easily win parliament support as it would need just one abstention of deputies from the nationalist Attack party or centre-right GERB. (Reporting by Tsvetelia Tsolova; editing by Radu Marinas)
Tsvetelia Tsolova
285
http://www.reuters.com/article/idUSSP389507
FACTBOX-Key facts about the Wakhan Corridor
Fri Jun 12, 2009 6:54am EDT
  June 12 China and Afghanistan have agreed to study opening the 76-km (47-mile) border between the two countries (For full story click on [ID:nPEK260930]). Here are key facts about the border area, known as the Wakhan Corridor. * The Wakhan Corridor extends in a panhandle in Afghanistan's northeastern Badakhshan province up to the relatively small border with China's Xinjiang province. The corridor is roughly 210 km long (130 miles) long and between 20 km and 60 km wide. Tajikistan lies to the north and Pakistan's Northwest Frontier Province and disputed Jammu and Kashmir lie to the south. The border at the eastern end in the Hindu Kush is one of the highest in the world at 4,293 metres. * The corridor is populated primarily by Wakhi farmers and yurt-dwelling Kyrghyz herders, with the agricultural economy dominated by subsistence farming. The population has been estimated at about 10,600. People in the corridor suffer from a range of problems including poverty, ill health, lack of education, food insecurity and opium addiction, according to a United Nations Environment Programme and Food and Agriculture Organization report in 2003. * The Anglo-Russian Boundary Commission awarded the area to Afghanistan in 1895-96 to create a buffer between the two empires. The corridor was once part of the fabled Silk Road but has been closed to regular border traffic for almost 100 years. * The mountainous, sparsely populated Wakhan Corridor is the primary habitat in Afghanistan for snow leopards, which are listed as endangered or threatened under the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species. It is estimated there are only between 100 and 200 snow leopards left in Afghanistan, about the same number as in Bhutan, and a complete hunting ban has been in place since 2002. The Wakhan Corridor is also home to wild Marco Polo sheep. * The Wakhan Corridor escaped the worst effects of the long years of war suffered elsewhere in Afghanistan since the December 1979 invasion by the Soviet Union. There are no minefields but there were several Soviet garrisons in the area. (Sources: The United Nations Environment Programme and Food and Agriculture Organization, The Historical Dictionary of Afghanistan Second Edition 2002, Reuters)   
None
286
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/03/02/marks-spencr-grp-china-idUSL5N0W41BO20150302
Britain's Marks & Spencer to close 5 Shanghai stores
Mon Mar 2, 2015 3:52am EST
  LONDON, March 2 British retailer Marks & Spencer  plans to close five stores in China's greater Shanghai region by August 2015, it said on Monday, following a review of its growth plans in the country.The firm said it would continue to invest in its existing flagship store portfolio with the complete modernisation of its flagship store on West Nanjing Road in Shanghai during the autumn.  M&S also stated a firm intent to enter key Chinese cities such as Beijing and Guangzhou from 2015/16. It also plans to continue to invest in Hong Kong and grow its presence in Macau.   (Reporting by James Davey; editing by Kate Holton) 
James Davey
287
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/03/30/markets-china-stocks-close-idUSL3N0WW39W20150330
China, HK stocks jump on Silk Road initiatives, easing hopes
Mon Mar 30, 2015 5:57am EDT
  SHANGHAI, March 30 Chinese stocks surged to seven-year highs on Monday, while the Hong Kong market posted its biggest daily gain in two months, as investors bet more infrastructure spending and policy stimulus would re-energise China's cooling economy.China's main indexes, the CSI300 and the Shanghai Composite Index, both jumped nearly 3 percent to the highest level since March 2008, while Hong Kong's benchmark Hang Seng index rose 1.5 percent, the biggest daily gain in two months.Over the weekend, China unveiled details of its blueprint for a modern Silk Road to improve links from Asia to Europe and Africa, an ambitious initiative that could translate into a new wave of investment.Analysts say "Silk Road"-related investment, which this year alone could reach 300 billion to 400 billion yuan ($48-64 billion), would benefit a wide range of companies including port operators, train makers and steel producers."The initiative is a boon to many of China's struggling industries," said Alex Kwok, Hong Kong-based strategist at China Investment Securities (HK).Also fuelling the stock rally were dovish comments by central bank Governor Zhou Xiaochuan, Kwok said. Zhou warned on Sunday that the country needed to be vigilant for signs of deflation. "China's economy is under relatively big downward pressure, and the government is struggling to meet the 7 percent growth target this year. So Zhou's comment sends a strong signal of more easing policies ahead," Kwok said.China's stock market, which surged more than 50 percent last year on government easing hopes, is up another 16 percent this year, pushed up by herd investors who are snapping up newly launched mutual funds, often in days.They have been emboldened by recent remarks from officials that showed support for the market's rise. In the latest sign of government support, a commentary in Monday's official People's Daily said that a bull market would aid the country's economic restructuring. "We're seeing a fresh flood of money flowing into the stock market and they're actively looking for ideal targets," said Jiang Kai, a Shanghai-based hedge fund manager."Small-caps are already too expensive. The Silk Road initiative gives those new investors a good excuse to buy into blue-chips."Infrastructure-related stocks  jumped nearly 6 percent on average in China, and nearly 3 percent in Hong Kong, as investors bet they would benefit the most from China's Silk Road investment. Shares in China Communications Construction   surged 15 percent in Hong Kong and a maximum 10 percent in Shanghai.Real estate stocks surged on expectations of fresh policies to aid the struggling property market and, after the market close, the central bank said it would ease lending policies to support second home purchases.The Hong Kong China Enterprises Index, which tracks Chinese companies listed in Hong Kong in the form of so-called "H shares", surged 3.4 percent, its biggest daily gain this year.Chinese regulators said on Friday mainland mutual funds would be allowed to invest in Hong Kong shares via the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect scheme.Analysts said the move would help reduce the valuation gap between the two markets, as mainland fund managers would probably use this channel to bargain-hunt for Hong Kong-listed shares, which trade at about a 35 percent discount to their mainland peers on average."I expect mainland shares to keep rising, while Hong Kong stocks will likely move closer to their China peers in terms of valuation," said Kwok of China Investment Securities (HK).     (Editing by Alan Raybould)
Alan Raybould
288
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/03/11/us-afghanistan-women-cyclists-idUSKBN0M309Y20150311
Women's cycling team pushes past roadblocks in Afghanistan
Wed Mar 11, 2015 8:37am EDT
  KABUL Malika Yousufi lined her bike up alongside her teammates on a lonely road outside the Afghan capital, getting ready for her weekly training ride away from the disapproving stares of Kabul.Yousufi is part of Afghanistan's Women's National Cycling Team, a group that has been breaking new ground for women's sports in Afghanistan and pushing the boundaries of what is - and is not - acceptable for young women in the conservative Muslim country.Under the Taliban in the 1990s, women in Afghanistan were excluded from public life, banned from going to school or stepping outside their home without a male family member.Women's rights have made gains since the hardline Islamist group's ouster in 2001, but observers worry that progress is at risk as violence against women persists and women remain under-represented in politics."We are resolved to keep our commitments to women and we will protect and reinforce our achievements," President Ashraf Ghani's office said in a statement released after the president made a speech ahead of International Women's Day on March 8. While Afghanistan's national men's cricket and soccer teams have enjoyed the spotlight, women's sports have made more halting progress, with athletes facing family pressure and patchy public support. Last year, the women's cricket team was quietly dissolved amid Taliban threats and a shortage of players.  The women's cycling team is pushing ahead, despite not having been paid for several months, a problem for many Afghan athletes.To clock the distances needed for training, team members pile their bikes in cars and drive outside the capital, where their uniform of loose-fitting tops and long pants won't draw stares. During the ride, the coach leads the pack in a car.  "The coach is like a shield for us," Yousufi said. "If he wasn't there, we couldn't ride."Even so, drivers sometimes shout profanities at the riders, and their team captain grapples with a back injury from a crash after a man on a motorbike reached out to grab her.Abdul Sadiq Sadiqi, the coach and president of the Afghan Cycling Federation, is not overly concerned."These are people who don't let their children go to school," Sadiqi said.   More than 40 women train with the group, and the core team has competed in several international competitions.On a recent morning, team members leaned into the curves in the road, whizzing past a checkpoint where a group of soldiers watched them pass.Yousufi said she was determined to become the first Afghan woman to compete in the Tour de France, a cycling race dominated by men since its first event in 1903."Nothing will stop us," she said. (Additional reporting by Mirwais Harooni; Writing by Krista Mahr; Editing by Robert Birsel)
None
289
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/03/13/alertdriving-idUSnBw135558a%2B100%2BBSW20150313
Bogota-Based Como Manejo®—and New AlertDriving ADVANTAGE Partner—asks Colombian Fleets: How’s Your Driving?
Fri Mar 13, 2015 12:14pm EDT
    Bogota-Based Como Manejo®—and        New AlertDriving ADVANTAGE Partner—asks Colombian Fleets: How’s Your        Driving?         AlertDriving today announced a new strategic partnership with Como Manejo®,        Colombia’s largest provider of integrated road safety solutions. Using        various diagnostic strategies to target accidents, Como Manejo®,        an AlertDriving ADvantage partner, can now help fleets train to assess        and mitigate at-risk drivers with FleetDefenseSM, the world’s        most extensive driver safety program.             Como Manejo® has helped fleets across Colombia discover safer, more        sustainable ways of doing business simply by asking one question. It’s        also the company’s name:“How’s your driving?”             To give an answer, Como Manejo® combines the expertise of        psychologists, traffic engineers and certified driving instructors—all        working to eliminate accidents through the design, implementation and        monitoring of various “risk control” strategies. The process begins by        assessing fleets across five safety-related categories for potential        risks: inconsistent policies, bad logistics, unsafe vehicles and driver        attitude are some of the factors which Como Manejo® can identify,        quantify and prioritize as it audits fleets for weaknesses. Next, it        devises a series of targeted interventions—from driver retraining and        emergency response plans to rutogramas—to mitigate the risks        identified, and then works with clients to develop a monitoring plan for        improvement.             FleetDefenseSM will add to Como Manejo®’s already        extensive safety arsenal, testing drivers frequently, at regular        intervals, to deliver standardized, behavior-based risk reporting.             “FleetDefenseSM trains the way adults learn best,        consistently, with local content and fully interactive video, so courses        speak to drivers’ personal experience,” explains Rob Martin, Vice        President of Sales at AlertDriving. “Using a reaction-based algorithm,        our program evaluates drivers on critical competencies that Como Manejo®        already emphasizes; only now, they can expand to more markets with        lighting-fast delivery, all on a highly scalable, single-source        platform.”             ABOUT COMO MANEJO®: Colombia’s leading road safety        specialists since 2005, Como Manejo® has developed training solutions        for drivers of all stripes: fleet and ambulance drivers, garbage        collectors, heavy vehicle operators, parents and teachers, and even        valet drivers. To register for any number of courses on basic defensive        driving techniques, eco driving, traffic rules, and more, visit: http://www.comomanejo.com.co/.             ABOUT ALERTDRIVING: With over 1 million drivers trained, AlertDriving is        dedicated to helping global fleets identify, mitigate and monitor their        risk exposure. FleetDefenseSM, the company’s driver risk        management suite, combines training in over 100 languages with built-in        metrics giving fleets standardized risk reporting anywhere in the world.             Interested in offering AlertDriving solutions? Become an ADvantage        Partner and join a growing billion-dollar industry: http://www.alertdriving.com/home/fleet-risk-management-software-resellers/program-overview.                AlertDrivingJosh McKever, 416-750-0210 ext 239josh.mckever@alertdriving.com      
None
290
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/04/02/idUSnMKWcWbqCa%2B1d2%2BMKW20150402
SilkRoad Launches HRMS Resource Center
Thu Apr 2, 2015 10:17am EDT
    SilkRoad Launches HRMS Resource Center    Business Tools and 7 Industry Guides Demonstrate the Impact of HRMS on Talent Management CHICAGO, IL--(Marketwired - April 02, 2015) - SilkRoad, a leading global provider of cloud-based talent management solutions, launched a new online resource center showcasing original research and analyst reports on Human Resource Management Systems to demonstrate how they streamline HR processes and support HR Technologies. This collection of 7 tools and reports helps organizations and HR professionals understand the financial and productivity impacts of HR Management Systems and how they can leverage employee data in business decision-making. The Resource Center features the recently released How HRMS Streamline Talent Strategies, which shares best practices for leveraging employee data systems for maximum impact in talent management. SilkRoad will host a webinar, "Aligning Your HRMS to the Company's Talent Strategy," featuring Sharlyn Lauby, HR Bartender, on April 29 to further explore the topic. Click here for more details and to register for the webinar. "Talent management is always evolving, but one thing that does not change is the need to quickly and accurately manage and report employee data," said Sharlyn Lauby, author of the blog HR Bartender. "Up-to-date and readily available workforce information is critical to making talent decisions and keeping a competitive edge in the marketplace."Click here to tweet this release. The Resource Center includes:How HRMS Streamline Talent Strategies: HR Leaders Share Best Practices for Getting the Most from Employee Data Management SystemsNucleus Research Note: "SilkRoad Announces HRMS Targeted for SMB Market"Brandon Hall Group Knowledge Blast: "Integration of HR Process and Technology for the Mid-market"Calculating the ROI of a Human Resource Management SystemAnd Video Demos and more.Relevant LinksAccess the HRMS Resource Center.Register for the April 29 webinar with Sharlyn Lauby, HR Bartender. About SilkRoadSilkRoad is a leading global provider of cloud-based, end-to-end talent management solutions that enable customers to find, attract, develop, and retain the best talent. The award-winning SilkRoad Life Suite includes Talent Acquisition, Talent Development, and HRMS solutions that are delivered through a tablet-friendly Talent Portal. The suite is easy to deploy and use - a single platform to rapidly boost employee engagement and business performance. Visit www.silkroad.com, follow on Twitter @SilkRoadTweets or call 866-329-3363 (U.S. toll free) or +1-312-574-3700. Contact: Ryan Rivera ryan.rivera@silkroad.com 312.300.4420    
None
291
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/03/17/us-usa-tax-preparers-idUSBREA2G1SC20140317
U.S. tax preparer rules land in Congress, tough road ahead
Mon Mar 17, 2014 7:16pm EDT
  WASHINGTON An Obama administration push to clean up the tax preparation industry has landed in Congress where it is expected to stall, meaning further delays to rules to stamp out shoddy and deceptive tax preparers who are a drain on the U.S. Treasury and taxpayers.After setbacks in the courts, the Obama administration this month asked Congress to pass a law that would specifically empower the Internal Revenue Service to regulate preparers, from sector leader H&R Block Inc to thousands of mom-and-pop shops.The IRS had argued for years it did not need legislation to do this, but small-government activists recently prevailed in court in their effort to block the tax agency's attempts on its own to impose new regulations on up to 700,000 tax preparers.Concurring with the activists, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia ruled last month that Congress never gave the IRS the power to impose test-taking and continuing education requirements on tax-return preparers.The IRS now wants Congress to act, but there is little prospect that it will move quickly on that request, said Floyd Williams, the former IRS chief of legislative affairs. He is now a lawyer at a lobbying firm. "I don't think it's a go. I don't look for Congress to jump on that," he said.The IRS request may have some traction in the Senate, where Democrat Ron Wyden, who chairs a committee that oversees the agency, has said he is "committed to focusing the committee on taking necessary actions to ensure robust taxpayer protection."But in the Republican-controlled House of Representatives, the issue is not a top talking point among members of the tax-writing Ways and Means Committee, said a Republican staffer who asked not to be identified. A spokeswoman for Ways and Means Committee Chairman Dave Camp, a Republican, said the IRS's request is under review.Jeff Trinca, a lobbyist who represents enrolled agent tax preparers already licensed by the IRS, said, "Republicans are cautious ... There isn't a lot of grassroots support" for the IRS's proposed crackdown on the tax preparer industry.NAVIGATING THE MAZEThe complex and confusing U.S. tax code each year drives millions of Americans to seek help with completing their tax returns, which supports a $9.4-billion industry. About a third of the market is controlled by H&R Block, by far the industry's biggest firm, and three other sizable companies. The remaining two-thirds is divided among licensed and unlicensed preparers, many of them mom-and-pop operations.Licensed preparers, such as enrolled agents, accountants and lawyers, would not have been subject to the IRS's proposed regulations, which were aimed mainly at unlicensed, unregulated tax preparers. That is the part of the market where the IRS sees the most mistakes and deception in tax returns.Incompetent and unethical tax-return preparers "annually cost the taxpaying public billions of dollars," the Justice Department said in a court filing last year. The department said in February it got permanent injunctions against more than 60 tax preparers in the prior 12 months.Former IRS Commissioner Doug Shulman launched the agency's attempted crackdown in 2009, aiming to shrink the $450 billion "tax gap" between taxes owed to the IRS, but not paid.Without federal action, regulation at the state level could help address the tax preparer problem, Williams said.California is one of four states that regulate preparers. There tax preparers must pass a test and complete 20 hours of continuing education each year. But Cynthia Leachmoore, an enrolled agent in Soquel, California, said, "There's not enough consequence for someone who makes a bad mistake."New York has moved recently to regulate preparers more closely, prompting complaints of a patchwork of state rules."My greatest fear is that states will each take regulations up on their own so that I would be unable to prepare a multi-state return," said Bill Nemeth, an enrolled agent in Georgia.(Editing by Kevin Drawbaugh and Andrew Hay)
Kevin Drawbaugh and Andrew Hay
292
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/02/04/us-usa-bitcoin-trial-idUSKBN0L821620150204
Jury begins deliberating in trial of suspected Silk Road mastermind
Wed Feb 4, 2015 12:14pm EST
  NEW YORK Jury deliberations began on Wednesday in the trial of the  suspected mastermind behind the underground website Silk Road, who prosecutors say orchestrated a scheme that enabled around $200 million of anonymous online drug sales using bitcoins.A federal judge in Manhattan dispatched the six men and six women on the jury to consider the fate of Ross Ulbricht, 30, who faces seven counts including narcotics trafficking.Ulbricht, who prosecutors say operated the website under the alias Dread Pirate Roberts, faces up to life in prison if convicted. Silk Road operated from at least January 2011 to October 2013, when authorities seized the website and arrested Ulbricht at a public library in San Francisco.By the time it was shut down, Silk Road had generated nearly $213.9 million in sales and $13.2 million in commissions, prosecutors said. Ulbricht conceded that he created Silk Road, with his lawyer, Joshua Dratel, saying he intended it as a "freewheeling, free market site" where anything except a few harmful items could be sold.But Dratel said Ulbricht's "economic experiment" eventually became too stressful for him, so he handed it off to others. He was lured back toward its end, he said, becoming the "fall guy" for its true operators. The case is U.S. v. Ulbricht, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 13-06919. (Reporting by Nate Raymond in New York; Editing by Tom Brown)
Nate Raymond in New York
293
http://www.reuters.com/article/2012/06/25/hedgefund-shorting-idUSL4E8H87FU20120625
Asian hedge funds ditch short-selling for long-only game
Mon Jun 25, 2012 5:36pm EDT
  HONG KONG, June 26 Some of Asia's oldest hedge funds are ditching short-selling as investors pull out of the strategy on concerns that bearish bets are failing to pay off and not worth the hefty fees they bring.The move from the traditional hedge fund structure to long only investing is part of the growing shake-out of Asia's $124 billion industry, and is a potential blow to the investment banks supporting the sector.Nearly 40 percent of hedge fund assets in Asia are still parked with long/short managers who aim to make money in any kind of market, by betting both for and against publicly traded companies. Funds that combine long and short investing command twice the fee of a long-only, non-benchmark fund.But few Asian funds are seen as having the stomach or the expertise to put on effective bearish bets. Short selling involves selling borrowed shares, and buying them back later when the price falls, with managers pocketing the difference.The strategy can be profitable, but a failed short bet can be very damaging, especially in a volatile market like Asia. Adding to the challenges is that Asia has varying short-selling rules and certain countries that bar the practice.While the long-only bias has been a factor in Asia for years, analysts tracking the sector say last year's losses coupled with the current market volatility presents Asia's hedge funds with a stark and immediate choice: shut down, cut fees or convert to long-only.Tantallon Capital, which managed $1.7 billion at its peak, will give up shorting from next month. Others such as Indea Capital, which once held $750 million in its hedge fund, and ARN Investment Partners, are shutting down their long/short equity funds and have decided to focus on long-only products.The shift from long/short will also cut leverage and stock lending opportunities for prime brokers such as Goldman Sachs  and Morgan Stanley that service hedge funds. Long/short hedge funds are a major contributor to prime brokerage industry revenues and banks' fee pools."Investors are increasingly seeking alternatives to hedge funds, and are looking for intelligent ways to access Asian growth," said Peter Douglas, founder of hedge fund consultancy GFIA. "Long-only unconstrained strategies are a natural beneficiary of these trends."Long-only funds that can invest in a broad range of stocks, such as Singapore-based Arisaig and the Asia Landmark Fund of fund firm New Silk Road Investment, are hitting all-time peak assets, even as Asia's hedge fund industry remains nearly $50 billion below its pre-crisis assets of $176 billion.Assets in long/short funds have halved to about $47 billion over the past four-and-a-half years. Of the 47 Asian hedge funds that have shut this year, 33 are long/short funds, according to industry tracker Eurekahedge. DROPPING 'SHORTS'Long/short funds typically charge a 2 percent management fee and 20 percent performance fee, double the fees for the "1 and 10" long-only fundies. These long-only funds differ from mutual funds as they don't follow any benchmark index, promise absolute positive return and charge performance fees.Investors have complained for years that most long/short hedge funds in Asia are really long-biased funds -- pursuing the same strategy as a long-only fund, but leveraging up their bets to bolster returns. Eurekahedge estimates at least 70 percent of such funds are really long-biased funds.Traditionally, a lack of liquid stocks and tools, as well as restrictions on short-selling in countries such as Korea and Japan, have been impediments to short-selling in Asia.More recently, the flood of money unleashed by central banks to tackle the global financial crisis has hurt stock pickers, boosting all stocks together and making short bets more difficult."The current market is largely dictated by macro," said Lawrence Ka, a senior portfolio manager at Hong Kong-based fund of hedge funds manager Penjing Asset. While some mega hedge funds could create some short-term trends with collective bets, this was unlikely in Asia."If you are a small long/short manager, it is very difficult to fight this battle. That's one of the reasons why some managers are sticking to long-only," he said.SHORT-SELLING DISTRACTIONIn a letter to investors titled "time for a change", Nicholas Harbinson, a former Merrill Lynch and Goldman Sachs executive who founded Tantallon in 2003 with former Morgan Stanley executive Alex Hill, told clients that short selling had been a distraction and had cut gains from a long-only portfolio.A long-only Tantallon Fund would have generated a 143 percent return since launch, he said. Instead, the long/short fund produced a 55 percent gain since its inception in late 2003 through May 2012. Its assets have fallen to just $35 million from $1.6 billion in 2007 as investors have put their money elsewhere, data compiled by Reuters showed. "Shorting is possible. Some people do it exceptionally well," Singapore-based Hill told Reuters."Our experience though has been that we, while profiting from shorting from time to time in extreme periods, have found that over the longer run, our long only performance is better than the combined long and short performance."Raj Mishra, founder of Singapore-based Indea Capital, told clients in a letter last month that "shorts have been a drag on performance" of his long/short funds, while the long-only strategy had produced an excess return of 92 percent over the last 92 months. He will focus on long-only funds from July 1."The economics of maintaining a fund which is not of big size is not favourable. Also, not a lot of assets are going to long/short funds so then why waste our time there?" Christopher Wong, fund manager at ARN Investment Partners, said.Wong is shutting down his long/short hedge fund ARN Asian Enterprise after its assets fell to just $26 million from the more than $500 million it managed in 2007. He will now focus on his long-only ARN Newly Industrialised Economies Fund.THE WINNERSLong-only players have grown assets under management. Arisaig Asia Consumer Fund has increased its assets to $2.4 billion from about $1.6 billion two years ago. AR New Asia Fund has tripled assets to $600 million-plus in the last three years.Other big Asian players include Singapore-based Arohi Asset, with $743 million at the end of December, and Hong Kong-based Overlook Investments, with $1.9 billion, according to filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.The shift has also benefited smaller players such as Singapore's One North Capital, which has grown assets more than nine-times to $90 million from its launch three years ago. Albizia ASEAN Opportunities has grown assets to about $75 million from $9 million two years ago."There is an oversupply of long/short equity in Asia compared with the demand so it's an incredibly difficult place to raise assets, whereas there's a relatively small supply of good quality, unconstrained long managers," Douglas of GFIA said."That's really the only bright spot to be honest," he said.
None
294
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/05/30/eurozone-greece-voutsis-idUSL5N0YL02S20150530
Greece open to compromise to seal deal this week - interior minister
Sat May 30, 2015 5:24am EDT
  ATHENS May 30 Greece's government is confident of reaching a deal with its creditors this week and is open to pushing back parts of its anti-austerity programme to make that happen, the country's interior minister said Saturday.Greece and its EU/IMF creditors have been locked in talks for months on a cash-for-reforms deal and pressure is growing for a deal, since Athens risks default without aid from a bailout programme that expires on June 30."We believe that we can and we must have a solution and a deal within the week," Interior Minister Nikos Voutsis, who is not involved in Greece's talks with the lenders, told Skai television."Some parts of our programme could be pushed back by six months or maybe by a year, so that there is some balance," he said.He did not elaborate on what parts of the ruling Syriza party's anti-austerity programme could be pushed back, but the comments suggested a greater willingness to compromise on pre-election pledges. Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras stormed to power in January on promises to cancel austerity, including restoring the minimum wage level and collective bargaining rights.The government earlier this week said it hoped for a deal by Sunday, though international lenders have been less optimistic, citing Greece's resistance to labour and pension reforms that are conditions for more aid.Voutsis said Athens and its partners agreed on some issues, such as achieving low primary budget surpluses in the first two years. But they still disagreed on a sales tax, with Greece pushing so any VAT hikes will not burden lower incomes. "A powerful majority in the political negotiations has showed respect for the fact that there can't be further austerity strategies for the Greek issue, the Greek problem and the Greek people," he said.The debt stand-off between Greece and its European Union partners overshadowed a meeting of policymakers from the Group of Seven rich nations in Dresden, Germany, on Friday. The United States warned of a possible accident for the world economy if Greece and its creditors miss their June deadlines to avert a debt default.In an interview with Realnews newspaper published on Saturday, Economy Minister George Stathakis said Athens had no alternative plan."The idea of a Plan B doesn't exist. Our country needs to stay in the eurozone but on a better organised aid programme," he said.Stathakis was confident a deal will be reached. "Otherwise, mainly Greece but the European Union as well will step into unchartered waters and no-one wants that."    (Reporting by Angeliki Koutantou; Editing by Deepa Babington and David Holmes)
Angeliki Koutantou
295
http://www.reuters.com/article/2012/07/09/us-china-economy-yiwu-idUSBRE86804N20120709
Export slump brings lean times at China's "Wal-Mart on steroids'"
Mon Jul 9, 2012 4:34am EDT
  YIWU, China Christmas comes but once a year. For Leo Ho, who runs a factory that makes plastic Christmas trees in Yiwu, China's export capital for novelty knick-knacks, it comes in July, when tree orders start rolling in.But early signs point to a lean Christmas for low-cost exporters like Ho, who told Reuters his sales were down 20 percent year-on-year in 2012.Ho's pain reflects broader conditions in China's export sector. Amid a faltering global economy, Chinese vice premier Wang Qishan on Friday said that China would have trouble meeting its 10 percent trade growth target this year.Yiwu, located 300 km (185 miles) south of Shanghai in eastern China's prosperous Zhejiang province, is considered a bellwether for China's low-cost exports, especially to emerging markets."It's representative of the price-sensitive, labor-intensive trade," said Ben Simpfendorfer, managing director of consultancy Silk Road Associates, explaining how conditions in Yiwu reflect China's broader export economy.The Yiwu "Prosperity Index," which China's commerce ministry publishes based on data collected from Yiwu wholesalers, dipped below the level separating expansion from contraction for the first time since its launch in 2006.Even when China's exports cratered during the global financial crisis in 2009, the index remained above its current level.China's leaders have said the country's export sector needs to move up the value chain towards higher value-added products - including capital goods such as telecommunications equipment and industrial machinery - and away from low-end exports like toys and apparel. But this transition will take time.June trade data due out on Tuesday will reflect China's progress toward this goal, but also the ability of traditional exporters like Ho to fight a rearguard action against structural change in the world's second-largest economy. "Right now we're just trying to consolidate our client base," he said.Chinese exports increased 9 percent year-to-date through May, down sharply from 20 percent growth for full-year 2011 and 31 percent growth in 2010.ONE-STOP SHOPThe human mind has conceived of very few products that are not available in wholesale quantities at China Commodity City, the massive trinket bazaar in Yiwu that Silk Road Associates' Simpfendorfer calls "Wal-Mart on steroids".A tiny sample takes in souvenir refrigerator magnets for every world city, fake marble sculptures of a cheetah crouching on the back of a crocodile and a selection of clocks shaped like a ship's helm. There's even a vending machine that sells men's dress shirts. But on a Thursday afternoon last week, few foreign buyers could be seen plying the corridors of the market. Experienced shopkeepers said that in good times the halls were teeming with foreigners, especially from the Middle East, Africa and Eastern Europe.In contrast to pure exporters like Ho, producers who have been able to shift their business towards domestic demand are faring better.Guo Lili's stall in the Yiwu market displays painted ceramic tea sets and kitchenware produced in her nearby factory. In addition to retail supermarkets and wholesale distributors, Guo's company, Lida Colored Ceramics, makes custom engraved tea sets directly for corporate clients."Banks like to have their name engraved on the side and give them to clients as gifts," she said.Ten years ago exports accounted for 70 percent of total sales. Today, domestic sales account for 60 percent, Guo told Reuters. BAROMETER OF PAINBeyond the anecdotes, data also suggests that Yiwu is struggling.The "Prosperity Index," which is based on data on sales volume, turnover, and gross profit margins, among other measures, reached 986 in June, down from its recent high of 1,126 in September last year and well off its all-time high of 1,250 in September 2006. A reading below 1,000 indicates contraction."These are exporters that really can't hike prices. At the same time they are affected by currency appreciation more than most because they don't have the margins to cushion the losses," said Simpfendorfer, who conducted in-depth research on the Yiwu market for his book 'The New Silk Road'.Margins for low-cost manufacturers are getting squeezed by rapidly rising labor costs."Workers that I used to get for 2,000 yuan ($310) a month now want 3,000 yuan," said Ho, who told Reuters his net profit margin has fallen from 10 percent a few years ago to 5-6 percent today.Despite the difficulties, Ho remains defiantly optimistic. He has seen plenty of Yiwu factories go bankrupt in recent years, but he moved his own operation to a larger factory earlier this year."Business is cyclical," he said. "There are good times and there are bad times. But Christmas comes every year." ($1 = 6.3644 Chinese yuan)(Editing by Alex Richardson)
Alex Richardson
296
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/04/22/pingtan-cfo-idUSnPn7dnbtw%2B80%2BPRN20150422
Pingtan Marine Enterprise Ltd. Featured In CFO World Magazine Article
Wed Apr 22, 2015 8:30am EDT
    Pingtan Marine Enterprise Ltd. Featured In CFO World Magazine Article PR Newswire FUZHOU, China, April 22, 2015   FUZHOU, China, April 22, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Pingtan Marine Enterprise Ltd. (Nasdaq: PME), ("Pingtan," or the "Company") a global fishing company based in the People's Republic of China (PRC), today announced that it was recently featured in the April 2015 edition of CFO World magazine. The magazine outlines Pingtan's business model through a detailed interview with the Company's Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Roy Yu. The article also shares its view on how Pingtan might benefit from China's 21st Century Maritime Silk Road initiative (or also known as "One Belt, One Road"), stating that "distant water fishery is not only an economic activity, but also holds natural diplomatic and political attributes."Mr. Xinrong Zhuo, Chairman and CEO of the Company, commented, "We are very proud to be featured in CFO World, as it reflects our leading position within the industry as the largest non-state owned fishing company, and reflects our efforts in expansion and establishing our brand.  We are excited to share this feature in such a respected publication in China like CFO World."CFO WORLD was founded on May 10, 2005, directly under the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of the People's Republic of China. It is positioned as "the first domestic public professional media of providing services for the CFO group." The core content is closely around the new definition of "competitiveness, finance and operation." It interprets corporate finance from CFO's perspective, focusing on CFO practice, and acting as the spokesman of the CFO group. Its core mission is to grow together with the Chinese CFOs. For more information regarding CFO World magazine, please visit: http://www.topcfo.net/About Pingtan Marine Pingtan is a global fishing company, engaging in ocean fishing through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Fujian Provincial Pingtan County Ocean Fishing Group Co., Ltd., or Pingtan Fishing.  Pingtan Fishing primarily engages in ocean fishing with many of its self-owned vessels operating within the Indian Exclusive Economic Zone and the Arafura Sea of Indonesia. Pingtan Fishing is a growing fishing company and provider of high quality seafood in the PRC.Business Risks and Forward-Looking Statements This press release may contain forward-looking statements that are subject to the safe harbors created under the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Readers are cautioned that actual results could differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements. In addition, please refer to the risk factors contained in Pingtan's SEC filings available at www.sec.gov, including Pingtan's most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Definitive Proxy Statement. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date on which they are made. Pingtan undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements for any reason. Contact:Roy YuChief Financial OfficerPingtan Marine Enterprise Ltd.Tel: +86 591 87271753ryu@ptmarine.net Investor Relations:    The Equity Group Inc.  Katherine Yao, Associate 86 10 6587 6435 kyao@equityny.com    Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20150421/200027  To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/pingtan-marine-enterprise-ltd-featured-in-cfo-world-magazine-article-300070080.htmlSOURCE  Pingtan Marine Enterprise Ltd. 
None
297
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/05/16/us-bitcoin-foundation-resignations-idUSBREA4F02B20140516
Bitcoin Foundation hit by resignations over new director
Fri May 16, 2014 6:09pm EDT
  SAN FRANCISCO As the most prominent trade group pushing adoption of the electronic currency Bitcoin begins its annual conference on Friday, it is being roiled by controversy.At least 10 members of the nonprofit Bitcoin Foundation have resigned over last week's election of onetime Disney child star and current Bitcoin entrepreneur and financier Brock Pierce as a new director, officials at the group said.Some of the members cited Pierce's troubled past. That includes allegations in lawsuits from three employees of Pierce's first company, bankrupt web video business Digital Entertainment Network, that he provided drugs and pressured them for sex when they were minors.Pierce has denied the accusations, which first surfaced in 2000."The allegations against me are not true, and I have never had intimate or sexual contact with any of the people who made those allegations," Pierce told Reuters via email.Court records show 33-year-old Pierce, who played the title role in Disney's "First Kid," paid more than $21,000 to settle one employee suit, and he said others dropped their claims without money changing hands.While Bitcoin Foundation officials played down the defections, several members who resigned from the Foundation assailed its governance track record."The track record of prominent Bitcoin Foundation members has been abysmal," said Patrick Alexander, a resigning Foundation member in a post on its discussion pages. "I no longer want to be associated with these people." Attempts to reach him for additional comment were unsuccessful. Though it is highly volatile, the value of the electronic currency in existence has skyrocketed into the billions of dollars as the number of businesses accepting it has increased and investors have sought to create new ways for it to be used.More than 1,000 Bitcoin investors, business people and enthusiasts are expected to attend the conference in Amsterdam.The programming effort that governs how Bitcoin works is led by Gavin Andresen, who is chief scientist at the Foundation and gets a salary from it. The Foundation also plays an important role for Bitcoin in lobbying on its behalf in various jurisdiction as authorities grapple with how to police the semi-anonymous currency.CALL TO VET CANDIDATES Other members who resigned called on the board to more carefully vet future candidates as well as remove Pierce from the board.Bitcoin Foundation General Counsel Patrick Murck said that his group had more than 1,500 members and would bounce back from the latest controversy."Democracy is messy sometimes," Murck said. "If in the future members decide they want to have a vetting process, that's great."Some Bitcoin Foundation members say they weren't aware of Pierce's past until after the election, when others circulated media accounts concerning the allegations. Pierce was voted in by the Foundation's industry members, who pay higher dues, to fill one of two spots vacated by others who had resigned: Mark Karpeles, chief executive of the bankrupt top Bitcoin exchange Mt. Gox, and Charlie Shrem, who has been charged with conspiring to launder money for users of the shuttered Silk Road underground drug bazaar.Pierce has made a splash in the insular Bitcoin world by backing more than a dozen startups, speaking frequently at conferences, and leading a bid to buy Mt. Gox for one Bitcoin, currently worth less than $500.Bitcoin startups have attracted investment from some venture capital firms and from individuals through "crowdfunding," in which many amateurs support projects, often with small investments and without the due diligence typically conducted by professional investors. Pierce has been a major beneficiary of the trend, garnering pledges of more than $700,000 for his investment syndicate on the crowdfunding site AngelList.Cyan Banister, a startup CEO who made a nonbinding pledge of $5,000 to Pierce's investing syndicate, after learning of the allegations said she would withdraw from his group.Phil Sanderson, an IDG Ventures investor in San Francisco who follows Bitcoin, said that the currency's growth was being hindered by the lack of effective public faces. "Bitcoin hasn't really had a strong, vocal leader with a great background," he said.(This story corrects spelling of Mt. Gox CEO in paragraph 16 to Karpeles, not Kapeles)(Reporting by Joseph Menn; Editing by Martin Howell)
Joseph Menn
298
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/11/13/us-china-silkroad-idUSKCN0IX01320141113
China to create bank to fund 'New Silk Road': official media
Wed Nov 12, 2014 7:24pm EST
  SHANGHAI China plans to establish a new bank to fund development of the "New Silk Road", pouring billions of dollars into projects to revive intercontinental land routes and maritime links through central Asia, state media reported Thursday.The official China Securities Journal said related government departments would establish the "Marine Silk Road Bank", with a minimum paid-in capital of 5 billion yuan ($816.23 million), to be funded by the Marine Silk Road Investment Management Fund and by unnamed ASEAN member countries.China's president Xi Jinping said on Saturday that China would put $40 billion into a special New Silk Road fund to drive investment in infrastructure, speed industrial and financial cooperation and "break the connectivity bottleneck" in Asia. The initiative will also reduce China's dependence on freight lines dominated by European shippers and its exposure to sea lanes patrolled by the U.S. navy, plus develop new markets for Chinese exports. Chinese stock markets have celebrated the news, seen as directing fresh spending toward infrastructure-related companies.   (Reporting by Pete Sweeney and the Shanghai Newsroom; Editing by Michael Perry)
Pete Sweeney and the Shanghai Newsroom
299
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/03/13/ny-epix-idUSnBw135655a%2B100%2BBSW20150313
Keanu Reeves to Narrate “Deep Web,” the Upcoming EPIX Original Documentary Investigating Ross Ulbricht — Convicted Creator and Operator of Online Black Market Silk Road
Fri Mar 13, 2015 1:34pm EDT
    Keanu Reeves to Narrate “Deep Web,” the        Upcoming EPIX Original Documentary Investigating Ross Ulbricht —        Convicted Creator and Operator of Online Black Market Silk Road         First time Keanu Reeves and director Alex Winter collaborate in 22 years             Keanu Reeves has joined the anticipated new EPIX Original Documentary, Deep        Web, as narrator. From director Alex Winter, the film chronicles        one of the most important and riveting digital crime sagas of the        century — the arrest of Ross William Ulbricht, the        30-year-old entrepreneur recently convicted of being 'Dread Pirate        Roberts,' creator and operator of online black market Silk Road. This is        the first time Reeves and Winter have worked together since 1993’s Freaked,        which followed their co-starring roles in the successful Bill and Ted        films. Deep Web will world premiere at South by Southwest        this Sunday, March 15 and will make its World Television        Premiere on EPIX Spring 2015. Content Media handles the film’s        international sales and distribution.             “I'm honored to be working with Alex Winter on his timely and vital        documentary, Deep Web,” said Reeves. “The        Silk Road and trial of Ross Ulbricht involve many important and complex        issues that impact the life of Mr. Ulbricht and us all.”       Deep Web seeks to unravel a tangled web of secrecy,        accusations, and criminal activity, and explores how the outcome of        Ulbricht's trial will set a critical precedent for the future of        technological freedom around the world. The film features exclusive        interviews with the Ulbricht family, including Ross’ parents Lyn and        Kirk Ulbricht. Additional interviewees include: Joshua Dratel,        Ulbricht’s lawyer; Andy Greenberg, technology writer for Wired, author        of This Machine Kills Secrets and the first        reporter to interview “Dread Pirate Roberts”; Cody Wilson, a        crypto-anarchist known for his development of the “3D printed gun;”        Cindy Cohn, legal director of the Electronic Frontier Foundation; James        Chaparro, the former Assistant Director for Intelligence at U.S.        Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE); and Christopher Soghoian, a        privacy and online security advocate who works for ACLU as their        principal technologist.       Deep Web is an EPIX Original Documentary written, directed        and produced by Alex Winter with Marc Schiller and Glen Zipper also        serving as producers. Winter and Schiller previously worked together on        the documentary Downloaded, about the rise and fall of Napster.        Zipper’s prior credits include the Academy Award® winning Undefeated        and the Grammy Award® winning Foo Fighters: Back and Forth. Seth        Gordon (Print the Legend, Mitt, Freakonomics and Undefeated)        is the executive producer, Andy Greenberg is the consulting producer,        and Dan Swietlik (Sicko and An Inconvenient Truth) is the        editor. Jill Burkhart and Ross Bernard are the executive producers for        EPIX.       About EPIX         EPIX is a premium movie and original programming entertainment service        delivering the latest movie releases, classic film franchises, original        documentaries, comedy and music events on TV, on demand, online and on        devices. Launched in October 2009, EPIX has pioneered the development        and proliferation of “TV Everywhere.” It was the first premium network        to provide multi-platform access to its content online at EPIX.com and        was the first premium network to launch on XBOX 360, PlayStation®, iOS,        Android tablets, Windows 8.1 and Roku® players. EPIX is available to        authenticated subscribers on hundreds of devices including Apple® iPads®        and iPhones® and is the only premium service providing all its        programming on all platforms, delivering more movies than any other        premium network, with thousands of titles available for streaming.             EPIX is a joint venture between Viacom Inc. (NASDAQ: VIA and VIA.B), its        Paramount Pictures unit, Lionsgate (NYSE: LGF) and Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer        Studios Inc. (MGM). Through relationships with cable, satellite and        telco partners, EPIX is available to over 50 million homes nationwide.        For more information about EPIX, go to www.EPIX.com.        Follow EPIX on Twitter @EpixHD (http://www.twitter.com/EpixHD)        on Facebook (http://www.facebook.com/EPIX),        YouTube (http://youtube.com/EPIX),        Instagram (http://instagram.com/EPIX),        Google+ (http://plus.google.com/+EPIX),        Pinterest (http://pinterest.com/EPIX)        and Vine (https://vine.co/EPIX).       About Content Media Corporation         Content Media Corporation Ltd is a London and LA based private company        that owns and distributes a significant library of film, television, and        digital assets. The Company’s library of rights includes over 4,000        hours of television programming, 200 hours of digital programming and        275 feature films.             Content Media recently closed a multi-faceted deal with Bruno Wu’s        Beijing-based Seven Stars Entertainment and Media, Ltd., in which        Content acquired the Alive Group of companies allowing Content to        distribute its extensive library of film and television rights through        the Alive Group to the Chinese market, as well as a direct equity        investment by Seven Stars into Content             The Film sales division launched in 2002 and represents high profile,        commercial feature films with great artistic and theatrical ambition. In        addition to handling worldwide sales, marketing, and publicity, the        company assists film producers in securing financing.             In addition to “Deep Web,” Content’s impressive international sales        slate includes two other highly anticipated documentaries - Academy        Award® winning director Alex Gibney’s documentary “Going        Clear: Scientology and The Prison of Belief”, and Rodney Ascher’s        acclaimed horror documentary “The Nightmare.”        Additional titles include the new action/thriller “Pandemic”        starring Rachel Nichols, Mekhi Phifer, and Missi Pyle, and Alfie Allen;        the intense horror film “The Diabolical”        starring Ali Larter; the gripping drama “The        Eichmann Show” starring Martin Freeman and Anthony LaPaglia; the        uplifting emotional drama “Life at these Speeds”        starring Billy Crudup, Graham Rogers and Sam Rockwell; Academy® Award        winning director Mike van Diem’s return romantic comedy “The        Surprise”; “Janis:        Little Girl Blue” directed by Academy®        Award nominated Amy Berg; the spy thriller “Newcomer”        starring James Floyd and Anthony LaPaglia; the Caradog James directed        supernatural thriller 'Don't        Knock Twice'; the supernatural heist thriller “The        Trust”; the extraordinary, moving and white-knuckle drive with        one of the greatest movie stars of all time documentary “Steve        McQueen: The Man & Le Mans”; Oscar        Wilde's “The Canterville Ghost” voiced by Stephen Fry and Hugh        Laurie; and the romantic comedy “Comet”        starring Justin Long and Emmy Rossum.          EPIXMarlea Willis, 212-846-6748MWillis@epixhd.comorFRANK        PRClare Anne Darragh, 646-861-0843ClareAnne@FrankPublicity.comorLina        Plath, 646-861-0843Lina@FrankPublicity.comorBRIGADEJennifer        Hewell, 917-551-5846jennifer@brigademarketing.comorJim        Gerlach, 917-551-5847jimg@brigademarketing.comorROGERS        & COWANDennis Dembia, 310-854-8114ddembia@rogersandcowan.comorAlice        Chung, 310-854-8226achung@rogersandcowan.com      
None
300
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/07/04/us-china-railway-idUSKBN0F90ME20140704
China approves $8 billion inter-city rail plan: report
Fri Jul 4, 2014 4:23am EDT
  SHANGHAI China has approved a 50 billion yuan ($8.06 billion) plan to build an inter-city rail network in its western Shaanxi province as it looks to improve transport links in its less-developed inland regions, state-run regional media said. The project, approved by the National Development and Reform Commission on Thursday, will see the government invest in five projects to build 436 km  (271 miles) of rail lines across Shaanxi's Guanzhong region, the Shaanxi Daily newspaper said. The official Xinhua news agency confirmed the approval without stating an investment value for the project. It said that by 2030 the province would have rail lines spanning 1,484 km (922 miles) centered around Shaanxi's capital of Xi'an. Shaanxi, which was the eastern terminus of China's ancient Silk Road trading link with Europe, is key to recent government plans to build a Silk Road economic belt connecting China to other Central Asian countries such as Kazakhstan and parts of Europe. China has invested billions in expanding its railway network, in part to support growth as the country's economy slows. It had a combined railway network of over 100,000 km (62,000 miles) by the end of last year, 10 percent of which was high-speed rail, Xinhua reported.  ($1 = 6.2066 Chinese Yuan Renminbi)  (Reporting by Brenda Goh; Editing by Jeremy Laurence)
Brenda Goh
301
http://www.reuters.com/article/slideshow/idUSTRE78558920110906
302
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/02/26/us-trade-tpp-newzealand-idUSKBN0LU0FL20150226
New Zealand says deal on Pacific trade pact needed by mid-year 
Thu Feb 26, 2015 1:50am EST
  WELLINGTON A trade deal being negotiated by 12 Pacific Rim nations has reached the endgame, but must be agreed by the middle of the year or face being overtaken by U.S. domestic politics, New Zealand's trade minister said on Thursday.Tim Groser said much of the final shape of the Trans-Pacific-Partnership (TPP) agreement was already understood, but crunch time was approaching to settle the hard issues.   "We will either get this done by the middle of the year or this negotiation will get kicked down the road beyond the Obama administration," Groser told Reuters in an interview.Once the United States got involved in the run-up to the presidential election, Washington would be diverted and attention to TPP would diminish, he said.TPP would link a dozen Asia-Pacific economies by eliminating trade barriers and harmonizing regulations in a pact covering two-fifths of the world economy and a third of all global trade.Chief negotiators of the TPP countries will meet in Hawaii next month, but Groser could not say if a meeting of ministers was likely in April as Mexico's economy minister asserted this week. A U.S.-Japan trade pact, and fast-track trade authority for the Obama administration, were crucial to reaching a TPP deal, Groser said.Last week, Japan's economy minister Akira Amari said it was becoming more difficult to reach a deal by March as had  originally been hoped. Groser said his understanding was the two countries were making progress, and their deal would shape and color the broader agreement. He said U.S. legislation to ease the passage of trade deals through Congress, known as trade promotion authority (TPA), would speed up a TPP deal by putting a stop to endless calls for concessions."TPA improves chances people will put down their absolutely best offer and then be prepared to tough it out, by taking some tough political decisions," he said.Groser said the talks still had to confront problematic issues involving intellectual property, pharmaceuticals, rules on state commercial enterprises, and agricultural market access. "We've got to get this done politically by the middle of the year, there would unquestionably be important detail to be done after that, but once the political deal has been done officials can tidy this away," Groser said.New Zealand wants improved market access for its agricultural produce, especially dairy goods, as well as protecting its state pharmaceutical buying agency."It's clear now what those real hard nuts are, and it's my view that it's put up or shut up time."  (Editing by Lincoln Feast and Clarence Fernandez)
Lincoln Feast and Clarence Fernandez
303
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/05/20/press-digest-china-idUSL3N0YB09O20150520
PRESS DIGEST - China - May 20
Tue May 19, 2015 9:16pm EDT
  SHANGHAI May 20 Chinese newspapers available in Beijing and Shanghai carried the following stories on Wednesday. Reuters has not checked the stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.CHINA SECURITIES JOURNAL- New trading accounts opened for Shanghai and Shenzhen A-share stock markets hit 2,381,808 last week, down 2.76 percent from a week earlier, but the number of actively-traded accounts rose 4.49 percent, data from China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited showed. - China will actively promote the development of e-commerce along the New Silk Road, the National Development and Reform Commission said in a guideline on its website. 21ST CENTURY BUSINESS HERALD - Chinese online major Tencent Holdings Ltd has signed a deal with the Chongqing municipal government that will enable greater online activity by firms in the city, the paper reported citing the municipal government.For Hong Kong and South China newspapers see.....   ($1 = 6.2064 Chinese yuan renminbi)   (Compiled by Shanghai Newsroom; Editing by Sunil Nair)
None
304
http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/10/08/us-britain-crime-silkroad-idUSBRE9970K320131008
Britain arrests four users of Silk Road online marketplace
Tue Oct 8, 2013 10:27am EDT
  LONDON British police have arrested four men suspected of being significant users of Silk Road, the anonymous Internet marketplace used to buy illegal drugs and criminal services that was shut down by U.S. authorities last week.The new National Crime Agency (NCA) said on Tuesday the four suspected drug offenders were detained hours after the Federal Bureau of Investigation arrested Ross Ulbricht, the suspected creator of Silk Road also known as "Dread Pirate Roberts".The NCA, which became operational on Monday, warned there would be more arrests related to Silk Road in coming weeks.It said it would spearhead a campaign against virtual currencies that pose a potential criminal threat to Britain, such as bitcoins.These were used by Silk Road customers to buy and sell illegal goods and services, according to the FBI, which seized $3.6 million worth of the currency in its raid on Silk Road."This is only the start of a wider campaign for the NCA to tackle the 'dark' or 'deep' web and the criminals exploiting it," Andy Archibald, head of the agency's National Cyber Crime Unit, said in a statement. He was referring to areas of the Internet such as Silk Road that are not readily accessible via standard search engines."These criminal areas of the Internet aren't just selling drugs; it's where fraud takes place, where the trafficking of people and goods is discussed, where child abuse images are exchanged and firearms are traded," said Archibald. The NCA said it had worked closely with U.S. law enforcers to identify the four suspects who were arrested last week.One is a man in his early 50s from Devon in southwest England, while the other three are in their early 20s and are from Manchester in northwest England.Keith Bristow, director general of the NCA, said it was impossible for criminals to completely erase their digital footprints no matter how technology-savvy they were. "The hidden Internet isn't hidden and your anonymous activity isn't anonymous. We know where you are, what you are doing and we will catch you," he said in the NCA statement.Bristow said hidden or anonymous online environments were a key priority for the NCA, which had 4,000 officers and the latest technology at its disposal to tackle the problem.The NCA, intended as a one-stop-shop agency responsible for the fight against serious and organized crime in Britain, has been likened to the FBI. Its creation was announced in 2011 and it was launched on Monday.(Reporting by Estelle Shirbon; editing by Tom Pfeiffer)
Estelle Shirbon
305
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/04/22/ct-harman-damian-lillard-idUSnBw225040a%2B100%2BBSW20150422
NBA All-Star Damian Lillard Becomes JBL® Brand Ambassador
Wed Apr 22, 2015 8:00am EDT
    NBA All-Star Damian Lillard Becomes JBL® Brand Ambassador   As Official Sound Partner of the National Basketball Association,        HARMAN adds first player to its ‘starting lineup’         HARMAN International Industries, Incorporated (NYSE:HAR), the premier        audio, infotainment and software services company, today announced that        two-time NBA All-Star Damian Lillard will serve as a Brand Ambassador        for the company’s JBL® audio brand. Lillard will participate in JBL        marketing and awareness initiatives, which will include brand        advertising and integrated social media and content programs promoting        the brand’s audio products. Lillard is the first player to be signed by        HARMAN since the company announced in September 2014 that it was        launching a comprehensive multiyear marketing and licensing partnership        to become the official headphone, speaker and audio partner of the NBA,        Women’s National Basketball Association (WNBA), NBA Development League        (NBA D-League), and USA Basketball.             “From Damian’s performance on the court to JBL’s innovation in audio –        the shared trait is a fierce pursuit of excellence,” said Ralph Santana,        Chief Marketing Officer of HARMAN. “Music and sports tap into people’s        emotions, aspirations and imaginations, influencing culture in a unique        way that transcends geographic and demographic boundaries. We are        excited to work with Damian, an immensely talented athlete, leader and        role model, to elevate the JBL brand and enhance the experience of music        and sports for fans around the world.”             Following his selection as sixth overall pick in the 2012 NBA Draft        Presented by State Farm, Lillard immediately won recognition as one of        the league’s premier point guards. Breaking franchise and league records        in his first season, he was named the undisputed Kia NBA Rookie of the        Year in a unanimous vote. Lillard’s rise to elite-level player in the        league is the result of his constant drive to improve and outdo himself,        which mirrors JBL’s dedication to advancing and redefining quality and        performance standards for audio products.             “Music has always been a major part of my life and my workouts, and it        amplifies my motivation to deliver my best performance in every game,"        said Lillard. "Whether it's for #4BarFriday content, training or to put        me in the right mindset prior to a game, having quality audio is        important to me. So, I'm excited to support JBL in inspiring others to        listen to their music in the best way possible."             Lillard joins a robust roster of brand ambassadors from all over the        world who partner with HARMAN, including GRAMMY® Award-winning rock        bands Maroon 5 and Linkin Park; global musician, producer, artist and        humanitarian Quincy Jones; Indian film composer, record producer,        musician, singer and philanthropist AR Rahman; and international piano        superstar and United Nations Messenger of Peace Lang Lang.       About HARMAN         HARMAN (harman.com) designs and engineers connected products and        solutions for consumers, automakers, and enterprises worldwide,        including audio, visual and infotainment systems; enterprise automation        solutions; and software services. With leading brands including AKG®,        Harman Kardon®, Infinity®, JBL®, Lexicon® , Mark Levinson ® and Revel®,        HARMAN is admired by audiophiles, musicians and the entertainment venues        where they perform around the world. HARMAN also is a technology and        integration services leader for the Automotive, Mobile,        Telecommunications and Enterprise markets. More than 25 million        automobiles on the road today are equipped with HARMAN audio and        infotainment systems. The Company’s software solutions power billions of        mobile devices and systems that are connected, integrated, personalized,        adaptive and secure across all platforms, from the work and home to car        and mobile. HARMAN has a workforce of approximately 25,000 people across        the Americas, Europe, and Asia and reported sales of $5.9 billion during        the last 12 months ended December 31, 2014. The Company’s shares are        traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol NYSE:HAR.             © 2015 HARMAN International Industries, Incorporated. All rights        reserved. Harman Kardon, Infinity, JBL, Lexicon and Mark Levinson are        trademarks of HARMAN International Industries, Incorporated, registered        in the United States and/or other countries. AKG is a trademark of AKG        Acoustics GmbH, registered in the United States and/or other countries.                HARMANDarrin Shewchuk, 203-328-3834Director, Corporate        Communicationsdarrin.shewchuk@harman.com        
None
306
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/03/13/us-usa-bitcoin-silkroad-idUSKBN0M92G820150313
Australian pleads guilty in U.S. for Silk Road drug site staff role
Fri Mar 13, 2015 4:31pm EDT
  NEW YORK An Australian man pleaded guilty on Friday to U.S. charges stemming from his role as a staff member of Silk Road, an underground website where people bought drugs and other illicit goods using bitcoin digital currency.Peter Nash, 42, pleaded guilty in Manhattan federal court to conspiracy to commit narcotics trafficking and money laundering, a month after a U.S. jury convicted the suspected mastermind behind Silk Road, Ross Ulbricht.Nash, a former senior manager at a support service for adults with mental disabilities, said he became involved with Silk Road in 2013, initially to buy drugs and for "social connections."Nash said he never knew the real identity of Silk Road's operator, who he said asked him to moderate its chat forum. For 10 months of work, Nash said he earned as much as $30,000, which he used to buy drugs."I deeply regret my conduct and any consequent harm I caused," he said.    Nash faces life in prison when U.S. District Judge Thomas Griesa sentences him on May 26. Silk Road operated from at least January 2011 until October 2013, when authorities seized the website and arrested Ulbricht at a public library in San Francisco.The website relied on the so-called Tor network, which lets users communicate anonymously. It accepted payment through bitcoins, which according to prosecutors allowed users to conceal their identities and locations.By the time it was shut down, Silk Road had generated around $200 million in sales, prosecutors said. Prosecutors said Ulbricht, the website's admitted creator, operated Silk Road under the alias "Dread Pirate Roberts."Ulbricht, 30, was found guilty in February of charges including conspiracy to commit drug trafficking, money laundering and computer hacking. His lawyer has promised an appeal.Two months after Ulbricht's arrest, prosecutors in December 2013 announced charges against Nash and two other alleged Silk Road staff members, Andrew Jones and Gary Davis. Nash said at the time of his arrest in Australia that he was about to go to Europe to propose to his fiance, then a doctoral student. He has been incarcerated ever since.Jones, a former Silk Road site administrator, previously pleaded guilty in October and agreed to cooperate with authorities. He had been slated as a possible witness at Ulbricht's trial, though he ultimately was not called.Davis, another alleged administrator, is pending extradition in Ireland.The case is U.S. v. Jones, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No, 13-cr-950. (Reporting by Nate Raymond in New York; Editing by Dan Grebler)
Nate Raymond in New York
307
http://www.reuters.com/article/2012/12/07/us-southamerica-mercosur-idUSBRE8B617F20121207
South American trade bloc looks left, hits bumps in the road
Fri Dec 7, 2012 3:28pm EST
  BRASILIA Leaders of South America's Mercosur trade bloc gathered on Friday to consider adding two left-leaning governments to its ranks, but the meeting was overshadowed by growing protectionism and an undeclared trade war between Brazil and Argentina that threatens to rip the group apart.Brazil's exports to Argentina have dropped by a fifth this year, causing friction between Mercosur's two biggest members. Combined with internal struggles, the rift is cited by some analysts as evidence of a broader, worrying move away from trade integration by some emerging markets.Even as it espouses regional trade, the bloc's members in recent years have grown increasingly protectionist, and Mercosur has recently begun admitting members whose leaders are outspoken critics of free trade.Venezuela became a member of the bloc earlier this year and Bolivia, led by leftist former cocoa grower Evo Morales, started a membership process on Friday that requires ratification by member legislatures and negotiations over bloc tariffs. Ecuador is also negotiating entry.Still, Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff, the summit's host, argued the importance of trade."The continued scenario of global crisis makes it more important for us to integrate, which will make each of us stronger and more able to face the volatility of the market," Rousseff said.With the addition of Venezuela, Mercosur now stretches from Patagonia to the Caribbean, possesses 20 percent of the world's oil reserves and offers a market of 275 million people with a gross domestic product of $3.3 trillion. Venezuela's President Hugo Chavez was wrapping up medical treatment in Cuba and skipped the event, the first working summit attended by Venezuela. Though the trip had fueled speculation that his cancer had returned, Chavez flew back to Venezuela on Friday, looking well.Brazilian business leaders have said the Mercosur group has lost its original purpose as a trading bloc and become merely a political platform for left-wing leaders.Rousseff was due to meet later on Friday with Argentine President Cristina Fernandez to try to iron out their disagreement.Brazilian industries are furious over trade restrictions by Argentina that have caused Brazilian exports to its third largest trade partner and the biggest buyer of Brazil's industrial goods to plummet 21 percent in the first 11 months of 2012. Marco Marconini, international relations spokesman at the powerful Sao Paulo industrial lobby FIESP, said, "We don't expect necessarily a break-through with Argentina because we have gone back and forth a million times, which is disappointing."He said Mercosur had become "a mockery" with the recent suspension of Paraguay, following impeachment of its president, and the entry of Venezuela."It's not functioning as a customs union should function and it's imperfect, but it's not bad enough to throw it away." Argentina denies that it has targeted Brazilian goods and government officials have said the decline in Brazilian imports is the result of less demand due to an economic slowdown.Brazilian entrepreneurs have lost patience with Argentina and are calling on the Brazilian government to act. Rousseff's government, however, does not want the dispute to escalate because Brazil still enjoys a $2 billion trade surplus with Argentina.In February, Argentina expanded import licenses and reviews for all imports in a move aimed at slowing imports to shore up its balance of payments. Its major trading partner, Brazil, was directly affected.By April, average daily exports from Brazil to Argentina had dropped 27 percent compared with a year earlier. In May, Brazil placed temporary restrictions on Argentine imports of apples, raisins, potatoes, wheat flour and wine.One Brazilian diplomat said Argentina's attempt to improve its balance of payments at Brazil's expense was unacceptable."If Argentina is not willing to reform and modernize its economy, but prefers to resort to selective protectionism, Brazil will eventually cease to look at it as a strategic partner," said the diplomat, who asked not to be named because of the sensitive nature of the matter.(Additional reporting by Esteban Israel; Editing by Toni Reinhold)
None
308
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/01/20/usa-bitcoin-silkroad-idUSL1N0UZ1SL20150120
U.S. charges man says linked to Silk Road successor site in drug scheme
Tue Jan 20, 2015 2:38pm EST
  Jan 20 U.S. authorities announced charges Tuesday against a Washington state man they say assisted in the management of the successor website to Silk Road, an online black market bazaar where drugs and other illicit goods could be bought with bitcoin.Brian Farrell, 26, was arrested late Friday on a charge of conspiracy to distribute heroin, methamphetamine and cocaine in connection with a criminal complaint filed in federal court in Seattle that outlined his alleged role as a staff member for the Silk Road 2.0 website.Farrell's arrest came as a trial continued in New York federal court in the case of Ross Ulbricht, the alleged operator of the original Silk Road, which authorities say Ulbricht ran under the alias "Dread Pirate Roberts."Silk Road 2.0 was launched late in 2013, weeks after authorities had shuttered the original Silk Road website and arrested Ulbricht. Like the original website, Silk Road 2.0 allowed users to anonymously buy and sell drugs, computer hacking tools and other illicit items, using the digital currency bitcoin, authorities said.In November, federal authorities in Manhattan announced they had shut down Silk Road 2.0 and arrested its alleged operator, Blake Benthall, who prosecutors say operated the website under the name "Defcon." Prosecutors say Farrell was a key assistant to Benthall and was part of a small staff of online administrators and forum moderators, using the moniker "DoctorClu."Earlier this month, U.S. authorities executed a search warrant on his residence in Bellevue, Washington, and interviewed Farrell, the complaint said. After being confronted with the fact that an IP address for the residence was linked to Silk Road 2.0, Farrell said he worked as Defcon's righthand man and served as his spokesman, the complaint said.A lawyer for Farrell could not be reached for comment Monday. Benthall's lawyer declined comment.The case is U.S. v. Farrell, U.S. District Court, Western District of Washington, No. 15-mj-00016.   (Reporting by Nate Raymond in New York; Editing by Leslie Adler)
Nate Raymond in New York
309
http://www.reuters.com/article/2012/04/02/us-traders-bitcoin-idUSBRE83108120120402
Bitcoin, the financial traders' anarchic new toy
Mon Apr 2, 2012 5:52am EDT
  LONDON Financial traders have a new toy: Bitcoin, a digital currency variously dismissed as a Ponzi scheme or lauded as the greatest invention since the Internet.Unlike conventional fiat money and other digital currencies, Bitcoin runs through a peer-to-peer network, independent of central control. Bitcoins are currently worth $4.88 each on online currency exchanges, where they can be bought and sold for about 15 world currencies.Users - an odd assortment of uber-geeks, anarchists, libertarians, scammers and forex traders - sent about $4.3 million worth to each other in the last 24 hours.Banking and payment expert Simon Lelieveldt believes they are living on borrowed time."There is always a power base underlying a currency," he said, speaking at the Digital Money Forum in London in March."Bitcoin is not going to fly because there is no central bank or power base. It's doomed to fail."But its separation from power is precisely what attracts many users."Bitcoin is not run by people with hot sexual appetites for hotel maids. It is not run by corporations. It is not governed by people with budgets to meet. It is governed by a mathematical formula," one trader and Bitcoin enthusiast told Reuters over a pint of Guinness in London's financial district.He also likes that there is an absolute limit of 21 million Bitcoins built into the system."If you try to print more than 21 million Bitcoins, you will be rejected by cold, loveless computers whirring away in nerds' garages. It is a better form of money than we have right now, or than anyone has designed so far."The trader, who was not willing to be named, said he spent four hours a day on Bitcoin, describing it as his second job. He estimated 90 percent of traders have bought it, most "looking for a quick 2,000 percent".He, however, is playing the long game, accumulating as much as possible in the belief that one day, he will own a small but significant percentage of a world currency with a fixed supply.He and three other traders are currently seeking Bitcoin startups to invest in, he said, adding he was hoping to put in $300,000 worth.WILD WEST FINANCEHe is not alone. Workers at Morgan Stanley (MS.N) and Goldman Sachs (GS.N) in London and New York have been visiting online Bitcoin exchanges as often as 30 times a day, according to documents seen by Reuters. Neither bank wanted to comment.Employees at almost all the major international banks and numerous trading and investment firms have shown interest.Bitcoin has become the Wild West of finance, with a proliferation of websites offering loosely regulated replicas of the services familiar to those in the financial industry.There is a Bitcoin stock exchange, where companies can make initial public offerings and pay dividends in Bitcoin.One website offering Bitcoin options trading was ‘listed' this month for an implied valuation of half a million dollars.Perhaps the most notorious is Bitcoinica, a platform offering margin trading, short selling and stop orders run by 17-year-old Chinese high school student Zhou Tong.Users can leverage their bets up to a ratio of 10:1 on Bitcoinica, meaning they can lose more than their initial investment.Zhou Tong, who is professionally advised by a forex trader and the head of a Singapore-based algorithmic trading firm, now lends his name to international slang. To be "Zhou Tonged" is to be wiped out financially.The chorus of a YouTube rap laments a Bitcoin day trader rash enough to hold a position with no stop loss protection: "It's so silly, how come you just lost funds? You got Zhou Tonged!"THE ANTI-BANK SYSTEMIts popularity with financial professionals highlights an irony at the heart of the Bitcoin usership; suspicion of the banking system is written into the program's DNA.It was released in January 2009 by a developer using the probable pseudonym Satoshi Nakamoto. Embedded in the code of its first block of transaction history are the words ‘The Times 03/Jan/2009 Chancellor on brink of second bailout for banks'.This was a way of time-stamping the first Bitcoin transaction, but also a clue to the developer's motivation.Before disappearing as an online presence in January 2010, Nakamoto made clear his disapproval of quantitative easing measures and blamed banks for creating credit bubbles.Such sentiments are common among users."There are no bailouts of banks on Bitcoin," one put it.WHAT IS IT FOR?The Greek owner of an island bar and restaurant who accepts payment in Bitcoin alongside euros told Reuters he liked the currency because it was the opposite of a banking system. "I don't put money in the banks," said Gerald, who did not give his surname. "I trust the euro as a note, but I don't trust banks. I don't want them making money out of my earnings."Digital money consultant Jon Matonis, former head forex trader at Visa, said Bitcoin was a natural fit for societies that prefer cash payments."Try tell the Italians that they can't use cash any more. Try tell the Greeks!" he said.Bitcoin payments are difficult to trace back to a person's identity, offering an anonymity that protects users from data-mining by advertising companies, but also facilitates illicit trade and has obvious potential for money launderers.The currency gained notoriety alongside a website named Silk Road, where vendors offer to send heroin, LSD, or 9mm Beretta handguns in the post in exchange for Bitcoin.Yet there are signs Bitcoin is finding a niche among ordinary people for everyday, legitimate transactions.One British businessman in China said he regularly used it to deal with businesses in Asia, Europe and the Americas because of local restrictions on sending currency to foreign companies."I've been able to have cash in my bank account in a matter of hours using Bitcoin, rather than three days with traditional banking," he said.Quietly, a growing list of businesses are starting to accept it for a wide range of goods, from legal services to food.Matonis says it could be a perfect ‘digital poker chip' for online gambling and a competitive way for immigrants to send money back home.REGULATION LOOMS Bitcoin poses a puzzle for regulators. It does not fit the UK Financial Services Authority's definition of e-money as it is not issued on the receipt of funds, according to an FSA response to a Bitcoin business that requested to be regulated in the UK.But the creation of Bitcoin could amount to "issuing payment instruments" as long as Bitcoins in fact count as money, which is "if and when they become widely used", the FSA concluded.A spokeswoman for the German Bundesbank told Reuters it was not classifying Bitcoins as e-currency.She said EU law required only euros to be accepted as legal tender, but this was superseded by German law that allows those involved in a contract to determine its content. So Bitcoin is at least not illegal there.The situation in the United States is even more complex, where financial regulation differs from state to state.As Bitcoin is a huge distributed peer-to-peer system, any effort to enforce regulation would be difficult, though the exchanges, where Bitcoin is swapped for real-world currency, are potentially vulnerable.A legal precedent could come from France, where the biggest online exchange, Mt Gox, is in dispute with Credit Mutuel's Credit Industriel et Commercial.Mt Gox sued CIC after the bank closed its account. CIC said the company was illegally behaving as a financial intermediary and that using their account made the bank an accomplice, according to court documents.The court told the bank to reopen the account and compensate Mt Gox, but it was unable to determine whether Bitcoin is a virtual currency under French law and thus subject to relevant regulation. It has referred the question to another court."If exchanges which are trying to walk the path of legality are being closed, then less law-friendly exchanges will thrive," commented Mt Gox head Mark Karpeles."This won't stop Bitcoin. It may just kill any chance Bitcoin has to become a clean way of paying merchants, friends and family."Credit Mutuel declined to comment on the ongoing case.ECONOMIC ENIGMAThe existence of Bitcoin is also an economic puzzle, raising questions about the definition of money itself.Its value depends on users' belief that it is worth something. So does all money, but in the case of Bitcoin this faith could be more fragile.It also runs up against standard economic theory that people will not spend money if they expect it to increase in value; the 21 million limit means once all Bitcoins are in circulation, there are no internal inflationary pressures to devalue it.More of a threat is the tsunami of other digital forms of money that are beginning to be offered by states and companies.The Royal Canadian Mint, for example, is exploring how to issue digital currency in the future. Its chief financial officer Marc Brule said Bitcoin's biggest problem was that it is not backed by anything."The system we would bring in would be backed by a fund," he told Reuters. "Bitcoin may work for the small group of people that believe in its value, but that could change very suddenly."Without that backing or a similar power base, Bitcoin lives with the ever-present risk of failure."To be clear, I would say the same about the euro," said payment expert Lelieveldt.(Reporting By Naomi O'Leary; Editing by Will Waterman)
Naomi O'Leary
310
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/08/03/us-china-attacks-xinjiang-idUSKBN0G301H20140803
Almost 100 killed during attacks in China's Xinjiang last week
Sat Aug 2, 2014 11:55pm EDT
  BEIJING Masked militants attacked civilians, police and officials last week in China's far western region of Xinjiang leading to almost 100 deaths, the government said on Sunday, giving fresh details on one of the worst incidents of unrest in years.The Xinjiang government said 59 "terrorists" were gunned down by security forces in Shache county in Xinjiang's far south, while 37 civilians were killed in the attacks on July 28.Authorities reported the incident a day later, saying dozens of people had been killed when knife-wielding attackers had staged assaults in two towns in the region.It is unclear why the government waited so long to announce detailed casualties, though bad news has sometimes been covered up or delayed in the past. Due to tight security, visits by foreign journalists are very difficult, making an independent assessment of the situation almost impossible."This was a serious terrorist attack incident which has links to domestic and overseas terrorist organizations and was organized, premeditated, carefully planned and evil," the Xinjiang government said on its official news website (www.ts.cn) in the early hours of Sunday morning.The militants attacked a police station and government offices in Elixku town, before moving on to the nearby town of Huangdi, targeting civilians and smashing vehicles as they went, it added.They also set up roadblocks on a main road and stopped vehicles, attacking passengers and threatening others with knives and axes into joining their attack, the statement said, citing police.Police confiscated long knives, axes as well as banners calling for jihad, the government said. Xinjiang, home to the Muslim Uighur people, who speak a Turkic language, has been beset for years by violence that the government blames on Islamist militants or separatists who it says want an independent state called East Turkestan.Exiled Uighur groups and human rights activists say the government's repressive policies in Xinjiang, including controls on Islam, have provoked unrest, a claim Beijing denies.The attack took place at the end of the holy month of Ramadan, which officials had tried to get Muslims in Xinjiang to ignore in an indication of what rights groups say is discrimination targeting the Uighurs.The Xinjiang government named a man with a Uighur sounding name as the ringleader, Nuramat Sawut, who it said had close ties with militant East Turkestan Islamic Movement and had been involved in Islamist separatist activities since last year. "Since the beginning of the Islamic holy month of Ramadan, the group had multiple gatherings in remote places during which they made attack plans and prepared tools for their violent acts," the government added.The dead included 35 Han Chinese civilians and two ethnic Uighurs who held senior local government positions, it said, while 215 suspected attackers were detained.Hundreds have been killed in Xinjiang in the past year and a half and the last week saw a series of deadly incidents, including the murder of a prominent pro-government imam at a major mosque in the old Silk Road city of Kashgar.Dilxat Raxit, spokesman for the exiled World Uyghur Congress, said the government's violent response and continued repression could only make things worse. "If Beijing does not change its policy of extreme repression, this could lead to even more clashes," he said in comments emailed to Reuters.But Xinjiang's top official, Communist Party chief Zhang Chunxian, said there would be no let up in the government fight against militants."Fighting violent terror needs thorough resolution and cannot lack firmness and we must pursue the tottering enemy with force," Zhang said in the statement.Adding to the tensions, China last week indicted prominent Uighur professor Ilham Tohti, who has championed the rights of his community, on separatism charges.His case has drawn attention from the United States and European Union and is seen by rights groups as part of a broader crackdown on dissent in Xinjiang.Xinjiang has rich coal, oil and gas reserves and is strategically located on the borders of Central Asia, Afghanistan, Pakistan and India. (Additional reporting by Norihiko Shirouzu; Editing by Matt Driskill and Simon Cameron-Moore)
None
311
http://www.reuters.com/article/2011/01/21/us-nfl-playoffs-jets-sanchez-idUSTRE70K6JN20110121
Jets' road warrior Sanchez set for AFC championship battle
Fri Jan 21, 2011 3:28pm EST
  NEW YORK Mark Sanchez is still learning on the job but the young New York Jets quarterback can become the NFL's 'King of the Road' should he lead his team past the Pittsburgh Steelers Sunday and into the Super Bowl.The 24-year-old Sanchez, in his second year in the league, already has four road playoff victories to his credit and would become the first quarterback ever to notch five if he lands the Jets in their first NFL title game in 42 years.Sanchez has outdueled Peyton Manning and the Colts, and Tom Brady and the Patriots in New York's first two road tests this postseason and matches up against double Super Bowl winner Ben Roethlisberger and the Steelers in the AFC Championship game.Jets coach Rex Ryan said Sanchez welcomed the challenge."The bigger the stage, the more he wants to play and the more he looks into it as this is his time to shine," Ryan told reporters this week at the Jets' training facility.After an up-and-down regular season in which he ranked 29th with a 54.8 completion percentage and threw 13 interceptions along with 17 touchdowns, Sanchez has delivered consistently on the playoff stage. In five career playoff games, including wins last year in Cincinnati and San Diego, Sanchez has a 60.5 percent completion rate with seven touchdowns against three picks.Back-up quarterback Mark Brunell, in his 16th season in the league, has been impressed by Sanchez's growth and approach."He's always looking for information from all the quarterbacks and the coaches on the sidelines," said Brunell, a three-time Pro Bowl quarterback."He wants to know what we saw, wants to know what to expect next. He's determined that whatever mistake it is, not to make it in the next series. It's very impressive for a young guy. "His numbers aren't as great as Peyton's or Tom's but they're not playing football right now and he is. It shows you what kind of player he is and he's only going to get better."The last time the Jets reached the Super Bowl was after the 1968 season, when fabled quarterback Joe Namath made good on his guarantee of victory with a win over the Baltimore Colts.Namath said Sanchez would be prepared for Pittsburgh. "The young man is getting smarter and smarter," Namath told ESPN radio. "The more repetitions he gets, the better anticipation. For anyone to think that this big game is any different than the other big games that Sanchez has faced in his young career, they're wrong.""This fellow has already played five playoff games and done a fine job. I don't think Sanchez is going to be overwhelmed one little bit with this opportunity."Sanchez, a third-generation Mexican-American whose father was a California fire captain, said Ryan has encouraged him to trust his instincts."Definitely not to hold anything back and to be yourself," Sanchez said about what Ryan had taught him about leadership."I don't know how many times he's told me that. Even in the toughest situations, he's always told me he's never wavered in his confidence. It's taught me to never waver. You've got to trust yourself."(Editing by Frank Pingue)
Frank Pingue
312
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/04/18/china-minshenginvestments-idUSL4N0XF04W20150418
China Minsheng Investments to invest 15 bln yuan in solar power plant
Sat Apr 18, 2015 6:03am EDT
  SHANGHAI, April 18 China Minsheng Investments (CMI) will invest 15 billion yuan ($2.4 billion) in a 2 gigawatt solar power plant in the northwestern region of Ningxia, which the company says will be the largest such plant of its kind in the world.CMI, the largest private investment fund in China, said in an announcement emailed to Reuters that the plant would take up around 60,000 mu, equivalent to nearly 40 square kilometres.The news comes after CMI said in February it would invest 1 billion pounds ($1.5 billion) in a Chinese-led project to develop a new financial district in London. The fund, launched last August with a registered capital of 50 billion yuan, has said it would invest broadly in areas ranging from sustainable energy to real estate to business jet services. China is pushing more investment in its western regions, both to help even out major wealth disparities between its interior and its more developed coastal provinces and to support its New Silk Road infrastructure investment project which proposes to build up China's logistical connections with markets through western routes, including roads, rail and sea lanes. ($1 = 6.1976 Chinese yuan renminbi)($1 = 0.6685 pounds)   (Reporting by Pete Sweeney; Editing by Mark Potter)
Pete Sweeney
313
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/07/31/us-china-xinjiang-idUSKBN0G020V20140731
China says Islamist militants kill pro-Beijing imam in Xinjiang
Thu Jul 31, 2014 12:22pm EDT
  BEIJING Three suspected Islamist militants armed with knives and axes killed the imam of China's biggest mosque in the western region of Xinjiang on Wednesday, the authorities said, days after a knife-wielding gang attacked state buildings in the same region.  All three attackers, who were named by the government, had ethnic Uighur names and the imam, Juma Tayir, was a well-known pro-government Uighur who led prayers at the Id Kah Mosque in the old Silk Road city of Kashgar.Xinjiang, home to the Muslim Uighur people, who speak a Turkic language, has for years been beset by violence, which the government blames on Islamist militants or separatists who it says want to establish an independent state called East Turkestan.Exiled Uighur groups and human rights activists say the government's repressive policies in Xinjiang, including controls on Islam, have provoked unrest, a claim Beijing denies.The men attacked Tayir after morning prayers, the Xinjiang government said on its official news website on Thursday. Two of the attackers were later shot dead by police while the third was arrested, it said.The three "were influenced by religious extremist thinking and plotted to raise their profile by 'doing something big'", the government said.Xinjiang has seen a surge in violence over the last year, with hundreds killed, including some police, according to state media. Tensions among the Uighur are running high after officials in Xinjiang told Muslims to ignore religious customs during the holy month of Ramadan, which rights groups say an attempt to repress the Uighur minority.CONTROVERSIAL IMAM Tayir was a controversial figure among Uighurs. In 2009, he backed the government after it quashed deadly riots in Xinjiang's capital Urumqi in which nearly 200 people were killed.Dilxat Raxit, spokesman for the exiled World Uyghur Congress, said Tayir was known locally for cooperating with the government and helping them to monitor religious activities of the Uighurs."Local Uighurs suspected that he had a special relationship with China's Ministry of Public Security," he said in emailed comments to Reuters.The killing in Kashgar comes after a series of attacks in Xinjiang over the past year. State media reported on Wednesday that a gang armed with knives had attacked a police station and government offices on Monday in the town of Elixku, in Shache county. The government said dozens of knife-wielding attackers were shot dead in Shache but has yet to give a full account of what happened in the county, which lies 200 km (125 miles) from Kashgar. Police appeared to be on high alert on Wednesday, pouring into Kashgar and closing off roads.Adding to the tensions, China indicted prominent Uighur professor Ilham Tohti, who has championed the rights of his community, on separatism charges.  His case has drawn attention from the United States and European Union and is seen by rights groups as part of a broader crackdown on dissent in Xinjiang. Xinjiang has rich coal, oil and gas reserves and is strategically located on the borders of Central Asia, Afghanistan, Pakistan and India. (Editing by Raissa Kasolowsky)
Raissa Kasolowsky
314
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/04/10/morocco-accident-idUSL5N0X71MI20150410
Thirty-one people killed in bus crash in Morocco
Fri Apr 10, 2015 5:51am EDT
  RABAT, April 10 At least 31 people were killed and nine seriously injured near the southern Moroccan city of Tan-Tan when a bus collided with a truck on Friday, the state news agency MAP reported.Most of the victims were killed by the fire that broke out on the bus straight after the crash, local media said. The bus was heading from the capital Rabat to Laayoune in Western Sahara. Road accidents have been on the rise in Morocco since car ownership nearly doubled in the last 15 years. Official statistics say an average of 10 people die every day in traffic accidents.  (Reporting by Aziz El Yaakoubi; Editing by Robin Pomeroy)
Aziz El Yaakoubi
315
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/03/30/markets-usa-bonds-idUSL2N0WW1WW20150330
TREASURIES-Prices mostly steady as Wall Street rallies
Mon Mar 30, 2015 3:08pm EDT
  * Longer-dated Treasuries decline in price* China signals stimuli for economy* Wall St, European, and Asian stocks rise* Shorter Treasuries little changed   (Adds late trading, quotes)By Michael ConnorNEW YORK, March 30 (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury debt prices were mostly little changed on Monday, with longer-dated maturities giving back some gains from last week, as equity markets rose on signs China was moving to bolster its massive economy.As Wall Street stocks jumped more than 1 percent, yields on the benchmark 10-year note stayed well below the 2 percent touched last week and were last at 1.96 percent on a price decline of 4/32. The long bond was off 20/32 in price and yielding 2.55 percent, according to Thomson Reuters data.Stocks, which often move inversely from bonds in prices, surged to seven-year highs in China, helped by Beijing's unveiling of an ambitious plan to build a modern Silk Road to Europe and Africa.Wall Street got added lift from a flurry of biotech merger deals and European shares were also up on Monday. Analysts say investment in the "One Belt, One Road" infrastructure initiative this year alone could reach 300 billion to 400 billion yuan ($48-64 billion).Comments from People's Bank of China Governor Zhou Xiaochuan added to expectations of more monetary policy easing."There's a little bit of a risk-on trade," said Larry Milstein, head of U.S. government and agency trading at R.W. Pressprich & Co. in New York. Shorter Treasury maturities were narrowly mixed as mutual funds and institutional investors readied portfolios for the end of 2015's first quarter on Tuesday and the U.S. unemployment report on Friday.That end-of-quarter demand should limit price declines in Treasuries during coming days, as should government bond buying programs meant to stimulate economic growth, institutional investors said."Ordinarily, with stocks up so much, yields would be climbing a lot more than they are today," said Brian Rehling, co-head of global fixed income at the Wells Fargo Investment Institute in St Louis. "It shows there is sustained demand, not just for Treasuries, but for bonds in general."Prices perked up after the U.S. Commerce Department reported that consumer spending rose 0.1 percent after dropping 0.2 percent in January. Economists polled by Reuters had expected consumer spending, which accounts for more than two-thirds of U.S. economic activity, to increase 0.2 percent last month."Consumer spending was a little less than expected, and that is a little bit supportive of Treasuries," Milstein said.      (Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
Chizu Nomiyama
316
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/03/27/china-indonesia-property-idUSB9N0UL01B20150327
China Minsheng Investment to invest $5 bln in Indonesia industrial park
Fri Mar 27, 2015 4:49am EDT
  SHANGHAI, March 27 China Minsheng Investment Group said on Friday it would invest $5 billion to develop an industrial park in Indonesia, in a move to support China's "one belt, one road" project.The private equity firm said the investment was part of a $40 billion worth of agreements that it signed with the Indonesia-China Business Council in Beijing on Friday. The one belt, one road project is an initiative by China to reestablish trade links along the old Silk Road route.  It said it would develop the industrial park project with 10 other private Chinese enterprises which it did not name.           (Reporting by Shanghai Newsroom and Brenda Goh; Editing by Anand Basu)
Shanghai Newsroom and Brenda Goh
317
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/03/31/us-china-fashion-week-idUSKBN0MR27720150331
Designers elevate Chinese culture at Beijing Fashion Week
Tue Mar 31, 2015 5:37pm EDT
  BEIJING China Fashion Week wrapped up seven days of catwalk shows on Tuesday, showcasing an array of cool and colorful as well as slightly odd creations by designers seeking to make a mark among the label-conscious.One of the hottest tickets of the week for autumn/winter 2015-2016 was for designer Hu Sheguang, whose fame soared last year when several models wearing his skyscraper heels stumbled on the catwalk.High platform shoes remained part of Hu's collection this year as the designer paid tribute to his Inner Mongolian roots with grey quilt-like winter jackets decorated with dabs of colorful red and green floral prints once popular in China's northeast.Models, who local media reports said included shirtless 79-year-old actor Wang Deshun, strutted down the catwalk in duvet-like designs and some wore floral face masks completely covering their faces, topped with small dark sunglasses."When everyone thinks of cotton padded jackets, they will think of memories from their childhood," Hu said, adding he wanted people to remember his designs.  He said many Chinese designers were looking for a way to incorporate their culture into their work."Everyone's searching and exploring for the most sophisticated way to elevate Chinese fashion to the highest level, how to do things with especially Chinese flavors ... We can see lots of forward-looking designers who have their own ideas. I think things are developing in a good direction." Local designers face stiff competition from global luxury brands such as Gucci, Prada and Louis Vuitton which have enjoyed success among the label-conscious Chinese, the top consumers of luxury goods worldwide."If you look at the sales in the Chinese market you can see that in the past it was always the products with logos that were selling the best," said Su Mang, Editor-in-Chief of Harper's Bazaar magazine in China. "Now this kind of expenditure is gradually decreasing, everyone is advocating real fashion design and a more vibrant fashion wave, and this is currently diluting the logo."  (Reporting By Reuters Television and Natalie Thomas; Writing by Natalie Thomas and Marie-Louise Gumuchian in London; Editing by Ruth Pitchford)
Reuters Television and Natalie Thomas
318
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/06/17/us-ukraine-crisis-fighting-idUSKBN0ES0NE20140617
Ukrainian forces, rebels clash near Russian border
Tue Jun 17, 2014 11:23am EDT
  KIEV About 30 Ukrainian servicemen were wounded in fighting with pro-Russian separatists near Ukraine's eastern border with Russia early on Tuesday, the border guard service said.It said separatist fighters had fired mortar bombs on government forces and border guards during the night near the city of Luhansk. It gave no details of any casualties among the rebels, who oppose central rule by Kiev's pro-Western leaders.The separatists say government forces have been shelling their positions this week, including around the city of Slaviansk, scene of some of the heaviest fighting since the uprising began in the Russian-speaking east in April. President Petro Poroshenko has ordered government forces to retake control of the border from the rebels after Kiev and the United States accused Russia of sending fighters and weapons, including tanks, across the frontier. Moscow denies this. Poroshenko said on Monday that government forces had already re-established control of a more than 250-km (156-mile) stretch of the almost 2,000-km (1,240-mile) land border with Russia. Kiev says 125 Ukrainian serviceman have been killed since the start of a military operation to defeat the separatists in May. Scores of separatist fighters have also been killed in fighting, as well as an unknown number of civilians.The crisis in Ukraine erupted late last year when protesters took to the streets against a president sympathetic to Moscow. He was overthrown in February, Russia annexed the Crimea region in March and the uprising in the east began in April.  (Reporting by Pavel Polityuk, Editing by Timothy Heritage)
Pavel Polityuk, Editing by Timothy Heritage
319
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/02/05/britain-press-ft-idUSL4N0VF01Q20150205
PRESS DIGEST- Financial Times - Feb 5
Wed Feb 4, 2015 7:38pm EST
  Feb 5 The following are the top stories in the Financial Times. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.HeadlinesULBRICHT GUILTY OVER SILK ROAD DRUGS SITE(on.ft.com/1EHkWSq)ACKMAN REPRESENTATIVE JOINS ZOETIS BOARD(on.ft.com/1DH7z0O) STAPLES TO BUY OFFICE DEPOT FOR $6.3 BLN(on.ft.com/1zh8HIE)BT AND EE POISED TO SEAL 12.5 BLN POUNDS DEAL(on.ft.com/1F7yfZv)  OverviewRoss Ulbricht has been found guilty of illegally running Silk Road, a $200 million online marketplace for drugs and hacking services. Preet Bharara, the U.S. Attorney for Manhattan, said Silk Road was an online bazaar built by Ulbricht a.k.a Dread Pirate Roberts, which exploited the anonymity of the dark web and the digital currency Bitcoin.Activist investor Bill Ackman's Pershing Square Capital (IPO-PERS.L) has succeeded in getting one of its representatives on the board of Zoetis, an animal health company Pershing Square has been trying to sell or shake up.Staples agreed to acquire Office Depot for $6.3 billion on Wednesday, making the combined entity the largest company for office supplies in the United States. The deal marks a big victory for activist investor Starboard Value, which has been pushing for the two companies to merge.BT has agreed to acquire EE, Britain's largest mobile operator, for 12.5 billion pounds ($18.97 billion) from Deutsche Telekom and France's Orange. Negotiations for the deal have been on since last year December.     ($1 = 0.6588 pounds)   (Compiled by Ankush Sharma in Bengaluru; Editing by Cynthia Osterman)
None
320
http://www.reuters.com/article/2012/09/07/us-albania-albpetrol-idUSBRE8860SD20120907
Vetro Energy places top bid for Albpetrol
Fri Sep 7, 2012 10:18am EDT
  TIRANA Vetro Energy, a U.S.-based consortium, has offered 850 million euros ($1.07 billion) for Albpetrol, more than double the value placed on the Albanian state-owned oil firm's assets by advisers to the sale.Vetro Energy's bid, equivalent to 10 percent of the Balkan country's gross domestic product (GDP), was one of five opened on Friday in front of an audience that included reporters, the bidding companies, and the state board reviewing the process.Bidding through the Vetro Silk Road Equity Ltd consortium out of Singapore, Chicago-based Vetro Energy topped a 790 million euros offer from Amber Shine.The buyer will win all Albpetrol's above-ground assets and the right to explore and exploit oil and gas in Albanian territory for 25 years, the government has said. To sweeten the deal, the government has also granted Albeptrol the right to build a refinery and licenses to transport and distribute natural gas. Sokol Dervishaj, the deputy economy and energy minister and head of the sale board, said the bid documents would be examined. He did not give a date for the winner to be announced.Bankers Petroleum of Canada (BNK.TO), which has an output-sharing agreement with Albpetrol in the Patos-Marinza oilfield, offered 304 million euros, while Chinese consortium Win Business offered 298 million. JSC Gazprom Neft bid $52 million. Seven of Albpetrol's eight oilfields are run by foreign companies under output-sharing agreements. The eighth, at Amonica, is operated by Albpetrol.(Reporting By Benet Koleka; Editing by Dan Lalor)
Benet Koleka
321
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/07/03/us-china-diplomacy-idUSKBN0F82GX20140703
With one eye on Washington, China plots its own Asia 'pivot'
Thu Jul 3, 2014 7:12pm EDT
  BEIJING The Silk Road, an obscure Kazakh-inspired security forum and a $50 billion Asian infrastructure bank are just some of the disparate elements in an evolving Chinese strategy to try to counter Washington's "pivot" to the region.While Chinese leaders have not given the government's growing list of initiatives a label or said they had an overall purpose, Chinese experts and diplomats said Beijing appeared set on shaping Asia's security and financial architecture more to its liking."China is trying to work out its own counterbalance strategy," said Sun Zhe, director of the Centre for U.S.-China Relations at Beijing's Tsinghua University and who has advised China's government on its foreign policy.Added one Beijing-based Western diplomat who follows China's international relations: "This is all clearly aimed at the United States."President Barack Obama's pivot - as the White House initially dubbed it - represented a strategy to refocus on Asia's dynamic economies as the United States disentangled itself from costly wars in Iraq and Afghanistan.China sees the pivot as an attempt to contain its growing influence, especially given the United States is strengthening its ties with Asian security allies such as Japan and the Philippines, which have bitter territorial disputes with Beijing in the region's waters. Washington denies this.One key part of China's diplomatic outreach has been to breath life into the little-known Conference on Interaction and Confidence Building Measures in Asia, or CICA, which has languished since Kazakhstan proposed it in 1992 to promote peace and security.CICA comprises two dozen mostly Asian nations, as well as Russia and some Middle Eastern countries. The United States, Japan and the Philippines are not members.China took over chairmanship of CICA at a summit in Shanghai in May for three years. There, President Xi Jinping spoke about a new "Asian security concept", saying China would explore the formulation of a code of conduct for regional security and an Asian security partnership program.While Xi gave few details and made no direct mention of disputes such as in the South China Sea, he warned Asian nations about strengthening military alliances to counter China, an oblique reference to the U.S. pivot."Asian problems must be resolved by Asian people, and Asian security must be protected by Asian people," Xi said.A RIVAL BANK?Another Chinese initiative is the $50 billion Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank, which Xi first proposed in October during a visit to Southeast Asia.     Finance Minister Lou Jiwei said this week Beijing would likely have a 50 percent stake in the bank, which diplomats see as a possible rival to the World Bank and the Asian Development Bank, though China says its role is a complementary one, not competitive.  Washington and Tokyo have the biggest voting rights in both the decades-old institutions. China sees the infrastructure bank as a way to spread the message of its benign intentions in Asia, where developing countries such as the Philippines and Vietnam accuse Beijing of being the aggressor over territorial claims."China upholds a basic guiding principle in regional diplomacy - being friends and partners with our neighbors," Lou said. On top of that, China has dangled financial and trade incentives to Central Asia, backing efforts to resurrect the old Silk Road that once carried treasures between China and the Mediterranean.China is also pushing ahead with various trade pacts in the region, but is not part of negotiations for the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP), a 12-nation bloc whose two biggest economies are the United States and Japan.Not everyone is convinced China's initiatives will amount to much."Some of those things are more about the optics of these issues rather than the realities of a Chinese-led order," said Matthew Goodman, senior adviser for Asian Economics at the Center for Security and International Studies in Washington. WASHINGTON WATCHINGChina's foreign policy since the country began economic reforms three decades ago has traditionally followed the maxim of late paramount leader Deng Xiaoping of "hiding ones' strength and biding ones' time", or keeping a low profile.Foreign Minister Wang Yi earlier this year flagged China's more assertive regional foreign policy at his annual press conference and in a newspaper article."We must accept the role of a responsible major country in international affairs," Wang wrote.Asked this week whether China was carrying out its own pivot, Foreign Ministry spokesman Hong Lei said China was pursing a policy of good neighborliness.A senior Obama administration official said Washington was paying close attention to Xi's approach to Asia. "We noted his statement at the CICA conference about Asia for Asians, the growing criticism of U.S. alliances and the Asian infrastructure bank," said the official, who spoke on condition of anonymity. "It's raising serious questions about whether the U.S. vision and the Chinese vision are fully compatible."A second senior U.S. official said Washington had not been assured that the infrastructure bank would adopt the high governance and other standards of institutions such as the World Bank and the ADB. He said the administration did not see how such an entity would "add value" for the region and that Washington would be making this point to Asian allies.While they were not members, the United States and Japan were welcome to join the bank, Lou said.Top Chinese and U.S. officials will get the chance to discuss the bank and many other issues during annual talks in Beijing on July 9-10, a meeting known as the Strategic and Economic Dialogue.FORGOTTEN ANNIVERSARIESAt the start of the CICA summit, China turned on the pomp, with live television showing Red Flag limousines delivering leaders one by one to a Shanghai conference center where they walked down a red carpet to shake hands with Xi. Most recently, Xi feted suspicious neighbors India and Myanmar last Saturday to celebrate the 1954 signing of almost forgotten principles of peaceful coexistence.He cited Indian Nobel Literature laureate Rabindranath Tagore in a speech to India's vice president on the 60th anniversary of the Five Principles of Peaceful Coexistence, an early Cold War pledge of peace between China, India and the country then known as Burma.Xi has gone out of his way to court India, a country which hosts exiled Tibetan spiritual leader the Dalai Lama and with which China has a festering border dispute.Still, China's messages of peace can come across as ham-fisted to those it's trying to court."China has long engaged in a kind of smile diplomacy in the region but the challenge for China is that many of its neighbors can see the glint of steel beneath the robe," said Goodman from the CSIS think tank. (Additional reporting by Michael Martina in BEIJING, John Ruwitch in SHANGHAI and Matt Spetalnick and David Brunnstrom in WASHINGTON; Editing by Dean Yates)
None
322
http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/11/18/us-senate-virtualcurrency-idUSBRE9AH0P120131118
U.S. officials: virtual currencies vulnerable to money laundering
Mon Nov 18, 2013 5:11pm EST
  WASHINGTON Virtual currencies may give consumers a cheap, efficient and convenient way to move money, but those same attributes make them appealing to criminals, the head of the Justice Department's Criminal Division told Congress on Monday."We have seen increasing use of such currencies by drug dealers, traffickers of child pornography, and perpetrators of large-scale fraud schemes," Mythili Raman, the acting assistant attorney general for the division, told a Senate panel.The currencies offer criminals both anonymity and the ability to process transactions that cannot be reversed, which can "significantly complicate" the government's ability to follow money trails in related criminal investigations, she told the Senate Homeland Security Committee.Further complicating efforts, many digital currency services do not have controls to protect against abuse, Raman said."Many are still struggling with implementing appropriate anti-money laundering, know-your-customer and customer due diligence programs," she said in prepared remarks.Raman appeared alongside top officials from the Secret Service and Financial Crimes Enforcement Network before the Senate Homeland Security Committee to answer questions about the growing use of digital currencies such as Bitcoin, and whether the government is doing enough to police the market.It was the first such hearing before Congress, and Bitcoin surged over 27 percent to a new high of US$675 ahead of the hearing. "Virtual currencies, perhaps most notably Bitcoin, have captured the imagination of some, struck fear among others, and confused the heck out of the rest of us," Senator Thomas Carper, who chairs the committee, said in his opening remarks at the standing-room only hearing.NEW METHODSVirtual currencies or digital cash have increasingly become a popular new way to purchase goods or services.They are not regulated or issued by a central bank. They have been touted by some as an alternative currency in countries facing financial instability. The most popular virtual currency is Bitcoin, which exists through an open-source software program and whose supply is controlled by a computer algorithm.But critics have raised concerns about a lack of regulatory oversight over virtual currencies and the fact that some of them can be transferred anonymously, raising fears that they could be used by scam artists.The general counsel of the Bitcoin Foundation, Patrick Murck, told lawmakers that digital currencies offer many benefits and are not only a cloak for illegal business. But he added that law enforcement would have to develop new methods to investigate some criminal activity. Over the past year, U.S. authorities have taken action against several players in the digital currency space.In May, U.S. authorities seized two accounts linked to the Tokyo-based exchange Mt. Gox, the major operator for the Bitcoin digital marketplace, after it failed to register with FinCEN.Around the same time, U.S. criminal authorities also indicted the operators of the digital currency exchange Liberty Reserve and accused the company of helping criminals launder more than $6 billion in funds linked to everything from child pornography to software used for bank hacking.In October, federal authorities shut down an online marketplace called Silk Road that was used for purchasing drugs and hiring hit men.Earlier this month a new version of the website opened for business again, raising concerns over whether authorities were fighting a loosing battle.Raman rejected such concerns and said the government was sending a message to criminals by taking down these organizations. "We have kept pace," she said.(Reporting by Aruna Viswanatha and Sarah N. Lynch; Editing by Jan Paschal and Dan Grebler)
Aruna Viswanatha and Sarah N. Lynch
323
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/05/13/us-boston-bombings-trial-deliberations-idUSKBN0NY2FY20150513
Jury in Boston bombing trial begins deliberations on Tsarnaev's fate
Wed May 13, 2015 4:09pm EDT
  BOSTON The jury in the Boston Marathon bombing trial on Wednesday began deliberations on whether to sentence Dzhokhar Tsarnaev to death or to life in prison for his role in the 2013 attack that killed three people and injured 264.   (Reporting by Scott Malone; Editing by Chris Reese) 
Scott Malone
324
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/02/13/idUSnMKWNqrN4a%2B1e4%2BMKW20150213
MEDIA ADVISORY: Scotiabank Hockey Day in Canada Celebration Comes to Downsview
Fri Feb 13, 2015 9:21am EST
    MEDIA ADVISORY: Scotiabank Hockey Day in Canada Celebration Comes to Downsview    NHL(R) Alumnus Shayne Corson to Coach Minor Hockey Players Following a Special Unveiling by Scotiabank TORONTO, ON--(Marketwired - February 13, 2015) - As part of Scotiabank Hockey Day in Canada's cross-country celebrations, NHL® Alumnus and former Toronto Maple Leafs player Shayne Corson will coach over 80 boys and girls at Scotiabank Community HockeyFest at Buckingham Arena in Downsview. The day will also include two live hits feeding into Rogers 13-hour broadcast of Scotiabank Hockey Day in Canada.WHAT: As part of Scotiabank Hockey Day in Canada, Scotiabank will make a special announcement and invite the community of Downsview to celebrate Canada's favourite sport. More than 80 minor co-ed hockey players (7-14 years old) from Scotiabank sponsored teams will participate in Scotiabank Community HockeyFest. WHO: Shayne Corson, NHL® and Toronto Maple Leafs Alumnus assisted by players from University of Toronto's women's hockey team and the Greater Toronto Hockey League.WHEN: Saturday, February 14, 2015 11:15 a.m. - Special unveiling  12:00 - 3:00 p.m. - Scotiabank Community HockeyFest (participants will rotate between on- and off-ice skills training followed by keynote address) 2:20 p.m. - Shayne Corson keynote presentation begins. WHERE: Buckingham Arena 57 Carl Hall Road, Toronto, ONWHY: These events are part of the country-wide celebrations for Scotiabank Hockey Day in Canada, the biggest celebration of hockey in Canada.  Scotiabank Community HockeyFest offers young players the opportunity to learn from, and interact with great role models, who will help the kids develop their on- and off-ice hockey skills, while also encouraging them to give back to their community, reach for their dreams and celebrate the game of hockey. NHL and the NHL Shield are registered trademarks and NHL Alumni name and logo are trademarks of the National Hockey League. NHL and NHL team marks are the property of the NHL and its teams. © NHL 2015. All Rights Reserved. Media Enquiries:Patty Stathokostas Patty.stathokostas@scotiabank.com 416-464-3752Onsite Contact: Heather Armstrong Heather.armstrong@scotiabank.com 416-918-4861    
None
325
http://www.reuters.com/article/2008/04/22/us-afghan-paintings-idUSISL26042420080422
World's oldest oil paintings in Afghanistan
Tue Apr 22, 2008 10:55am EDT
  KABUL Scientists said on Tuesday they have proved the world's first ever oil paintings were in caves near two destroyed giant statues of Buddha in Afghanistan, hundreds of years before oil paint was used in Europe.Samples from paintings, dating from the 7th century AD, were taken from caves behind two statues of Buddha in Bamiyan blown up as un-Islamic by Afghanistan's hardline Taliban in 2001.Scientists discovered paintings in 12 of the 50 caves were created using oil paints, possibly from walnut or poppy, the European Synchrotron Radiation Facility (ESRF) in France said on its Web site on Tuesday."This is the earliest clear example of oil paintings in the world, although drying oils were already used by ancient Romans and Egyptians, but only as medicines and cosmetics," said Yoko Taniguchi, leader of the team of scientists. It was not until the 13th century that oil was added to paints in Europe and oil paint was not widely used in Europe till the early 15th century.Bamiyan was once a thriving Buddhist centre where monks lived in a series of caves carved into the cliffs by the two statues. The cave paintings were probably the work of artists traveling along the Silk Road, the ancient trade route between China, across Central Asia to the West and show scenes of Buddhas in vermilion robes and mythical creatures, the ESRF said.Afghanistan's Taliban government used dozens of explosive charges to bring down the two 6th century giant Buddhas in March 2001, saying the statues were un-Islamic. Later in the same year, U.S.-led and Afghan forces toppled the Taliban government after it refused to give up al Qaeda leaders behind the September 11 attacks.Now work is underway to try restore the biggest of the two statues, once the tallest standing Buddha in the world, but the mammoth task could take a decade to complete.(Writing by Jon Hemming; Editing by David Fox)
Jon Hemming
326
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/06/13/us-bitcoin-auction-idUSKBN0EO02H20140613
U.S. Marshals to auction bitcoin seized in raid on Silk Road market
Thu Jun 12, 2014 8:53pm EDT
  The U.S. government plans to auction about 30,000 bitcoin, the electronic currency, valued at about $17.4 million, on June 27 the U.S. Marshals Service said. The bitcoin were seized during an FBI raid in October on the  Internet marketplace Silk Road, known as a hub for transactions involving illegal drugs and criminal activities.The bitcoin up for auction were contained in wallet files on the Silk Road servers and do not include the bitcoins contained on the computer hardware belonging to Silk Road owner Ross William Ulbricht, known online as "Dread Pirate Roberts." The virtual currency is transacted independent of central control and is not backed by any government or central bank. The FBI arrested Ulbricht in October and charged him with  one count each of narcotics trafficking conspiracy, computer hacking conspiracy and money laundering conspiracy.The auction will take place on June 27 on the U.S. Marshals Service website over a 12-hour period and consists of nine  blocks of 3,000 bitcoins and one block of 2,657 bitcoins. (r.reuters.com/tuv99v) The U.S. Marshals Service said it would notify the winning bidders by June 30.FBI spokeswoman Kelly Langsmesser confirmed that about 144,342 additional seized bitcoins were transferred from the FBI e-wallet to the U.S. Marshals Service e-wallet.     The seized bitcoins are part of the civil forfeiture and criminal action brought against Ulbricht and the assets of Silk Road, the U.S. Marshals Service said in a statement. These coins have not been put up for auction.     Bitcoin prices fell about 6.74 percent to $585.56 today, on the news, according to the digital currency exchange Coindesk.com. (Reporting by Ankit Ajmera and Tanvi Mehta in Bangalore; Editing by Cynthia Osterman)
Ankit Ajmera and Tanvi Mehta in Bangalore
327
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/03/31/markets-global-idUSL3N0WX00U20150331
GLOBAL MARKETS-Asia up on Wall St rally and China hopes, euro sags on Greece
Tue Mar 31, 2015 12:44am EDT
  * MSCI Asia-Pac index up 0.5 pct, on track for 4 pct quarter gain* China announces steps Monday to prop up sliding house prices* Greek debt negotiations weigh on euro* Crude sags as Iran's nuclear talks deadline loomsBy Shinichi SaoshiroTOKYO, March 31 (Reuters) - Asian stocks rose across the board on Tuesday after a rally on Wall Street and steps by China to shore up its economy boosted risk appetite, while Greek debt worries again haunted the sagging euro.Spreadbetters expected European shares to pull back slightly after Monday's rise, calling for Britain's FTSE, Germany's DAX and France's CAC to open a touch lower.Tracking overnight gains in U.S. stocks, MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan was up 0.5 percent. The index was on track for a 4 percent gain this quarter. Australian shares rose 0.9 percent. Bourses in South Korea, Hong Kong, Malaysia and Indonesia rose as well. Japan's Nikkei bucked the trend and lost 0.2 percent.The often volatile Shanghai Composite Index followed up Monday's rally, scaling seven-year highs on hopes for more infrastructure spending and monetary easing. The index led its Asian peers with a 17 percent gain this quarter.The Dow and S&P 500 both climbed more than 1 percent Monday with sentiment buoyed by robust Chinese equities.After unveiling details over the weekend for a modern "Silk Road" that could pump tens of billions of dollars into investment, China late on Monday announced steps to ease housing taxes and lending rules to prop up sliding house prices that have  threatened economic growth. "Tax cuts, reductions to down payments on second homes, along with further moves to (reserve) requirement ratios have all been introduced to assist China's slowing housing sector and will be a medium-term positive in the global growth story," Evan Lucas, market strategist at IG in Melbourne, said in a note to clients.Chinese central bank governor Zhou Xiaochuan's recent warning that China needs to be vigilant for signs of deflation have also helped fuel hopes for more easing."We believe policymakers are increasingly concerned about weakening growth and inflation, and will deploy more monetary and fiscal easing measures in the coming weeks," economists at HSBC said.In currencies, the euro was down 0.4 percent at $1.0788 , adding to an overnight loss of 0.5 percent. The euro  looked to lose about 10 percent this quarter versus the dollar. The common currency fell against the dollar on worries   whether Greece can secure aid before it runs out of cash in three weeks. Germany, Greece's biggest creditor, demanded that it show more commitment to reform while Athens said it cannot make an "unconditional" agreement with lenders.The dollar was little changed at 120.20 yen after surging from an overnight low of 119.105. The greenback was poised for a modest 0.4 percent rise this quarter.The Australian dollar found little support from prospects of more stimulus and monetary easing from China, Australia's key trading partner.The Aussie lost 0.4 percent to $0.7626 after skidding more than one percent overnight amid persistent expectations of further interest rate cuts by the Reserve Bank of Australia.U.S. crude extended losses as the Mar. 31 deadline loomed for Iran and six world powers negotiating a deal for Tehran's nuclear programme.If agreement to end Western sanctions is reached OPEC-member Iran would be able to ship more crude into an already saturated market.U.S. crude was down 1.3 percent at $48.06 per barrel.   (Editing by Richard Pullin)
Richard Pullin
328
http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/11/06/us-crime-silkroad-ulbricht-idUSBRE9A517720131106
Silk Road's alleged mastermind makes first NY court appearance
Wed Nov 6, 2013 5:04pm EST
  NEW YORK A lawyer for 29-year-old Ross William Ulbricht, the man U.S. prosecutors say operated the anonymous online criminal marketplace Silk Road, on Wednesday said his client would plead not guilty to drug trafficking, hacking and money laundering charges.Joshua Dratel, who spoke after Ulbricht's first appearance in Manhattan federal court, said his client is not the man federal prosecutors are trying to make him out to be. He said he would begin making the case for Ulbricht to be released on bail to await his trial. Ulbricht is currently being held in a federal detention center in Manhattan. His bail hearing is scheduled for November 21."The evidence will not establish that he is who they say he is," Dratel said. "He's educated; he comes from Texas; he has a good family and a lot of friends who all express a very strong conviction that he is not the person" authorities described in the criminal complaint against him, Dratel said.Ulbricht was arrested October 1 in a public library in San Francisco and charged by prosecutors in New York with one count each of money laundering, computer hacking and drug trafficking. U.S. authorities say he is the founder and was the sole operator of Silk Road, where drugs, hacking services and even assassins were sold in exchange for the digital currency Bitcoin.Standing between two lawyers wearing blue and brown prison clothes, Ulbricht, clean shaven, spoke only to answer a magistrate judge's questions. When he spoke to reporters after the short hearing ended, Dratel, who has handled several high-profile terrorism cases, said Ulbricht's case covered a range of issues raised by the digital age and largely untested in courts, including the way in which his team would get access to digital evidence used to build the case. He said he had only met Ulbricht for 20 minutes, but that he seemed to be "in good enough spirits.""He's coherent and engaged," Dratel said.He said he had not had a chance to see the evidence the government had against Ulbricht, but added he was concerned about "what extent the pervasive surveillance apparatus" played in the government's investigation of Silk Road. "If you're talking about trying to compromise Tor," Dratel said, referring to an encrypted internet network that afforded users complete anonymity, "you're going to be running into the NSA."Dratel said he was concerned about the practice of parallel construction, a method Reuters described earlier this year that is used by agencies including the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the Drug Enforcement Administration to reconstruct cases that were originally made on evidence gathered using secret surveillance tactics to hide the secret evidence.Dratel pointed out that commentators on the internet have engaged in voluminous speculation that Ulbricht's case was one in which parallel construction was used. "They're instructed to sanitize it," Dratel said of federal law enforcement agencies.A spokesman for the FBI, Peter Donald, declined to comment.Meanwhile, as Ulbricht remains in custody, a new anonymous Internet marketplace for illegal drugs debuted on Wednesday, with the same name and appearance as the Silk Road website shut down by U.S. law enforcement authorities a month ago.The case is U.S. v. Ulbricht, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 13-06919.(Reporting By Emily Flitter; Editing by Alden Bentley)
Emily Flitter
329
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/03/25/il-silkroad-idUSnBw256025a%2B100%2BBSW20140325
SilkRoad Identifies Best Sources of Hire in Exclusive New Report
Tue Mar 25, 2014 9:51am EDT
    SilkRoad Identifies Best Sources of Hire in Exclusive New Report   For 1,400 employers and 150,000 hires Employee Referrals and Online        Sources Top the List         Research from SilkRoad, a leading global provider of cloud-based talent        management solutions, reveals that employee referrals generated the        most hires overall. Available March 27, SilkRoad’s 2014 “Top        Sources of Hire: The Definitive Report on the Most Effective Recruiting        Sources” mined its vast employee recruiting database to reveal        the most successful sources for generating candidate interviews and        hires. While online sources, led by Indeed.com, provide increasingly        high volumes of applications, employee referrals continue to result in        the highest source of hire. Register        for a live web presentation of the report findings, taking place March        27, 1PM CDT.             Click here        to tweet this report.             “Too many organizations are casting a wide net, placing expensive job        ads, and hoping they’ll attract the best talent,” said John Shackleton,        President and Chief Executive Officer, SilkRoad. “With sound data, HR        teams can focus their valuable recruitment resources toward the best        sources of hire.”       Findings & Trends    Internal sources deliver the most hires: Employee referrals          continue to produce the most hires overall (59 percent), up from 58          percent in 2012.         Internal and External sources evenly split (50-50) as sources of          interviews: In 2013, External sources accounted for 50 percent of          interviews, 6 percent less than in 2012.         Online sources are crucial: Online sources (both internal and          external) generated the highest number of applicant’s year over          year, the source of 58% of all interviews. The top online sources are          Indeed.com and company websites.         Job site performance: Indeed.com (39 percent) was the top job          board, producing 26 percent more applicants than the runner-up,          CareerBuilder (13 percent), as well as 32 percent of hires (14 percent          higher than the next two runners up combined).                The 2014 “Top Sources of Hire: The Definitive Report on the Most        Effective Recruiting Sources” report findings are based on data        within SilkRoad Life Suite’s OpenHire® applicant        tracking system (ATS) and represents 1,140 companies. The        participating companies ranged in size from as few as 100 employees to        mid-market and large employers. For all of 2014, the data included        almost 10 million applicants, over 150,000 interviews, and in excess of        150,000 hires. Examples of external sources include specific job search        engines, branded and unspecified job boards, print advertising, TV/Radio        advertising, job fairs, campus recruiting and agencies. Examples of        internal sources include recruiter sourced (employer sourcing), company        career sites (employer websites), employee referrals, current employees        and inside hires.       About SilkRoad         SilkRoad® is a leading global provider of cloud-based, end-to-end talent        management solutions that enable customers to find, attract, develop,        and retain the best talent. The award-winning SilkRoad® Life Suite®        includes Talent Acquisition, Talent Development, and HRMS solutions that        are delivered through a Talent Portal to drive greater engagement,        collaboration, and user adoption. The suite is easy to deploy, easy to        use, and affordable for businesses of every size. Visit www.silkroad.com,        follow them on Twitter @SilkRoadTweets        or call 866-329-3363 (U.S. toll free) or +1-312-574-3700.         Photos/Multimedia Gallery Available: http://www.businesswire.com/multimedia/home/20140325006025/en/        SilkRoadRyan Rivera, (312) 300-4420Ryan.Rivera@silkroad.com        
None
330
http://www.reuters.com/article/slideshow/idUSKCN0HV00320141006
331
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/04/15/idUSFit91970120150415
Fitch: New China Directives Strengthen Role of Policy Banks
Wed Apr 15, 2015 12:01am EDT
  (The following statement was released by the rating agency) HONG KONG/SHANGHAI, April 15 (Fitch) Fitch Ratings says the plans announced on  12 April 2015 by China's State Council to reform the three policy banks - China  Development Bank (CDB), Agricultural Development Bank of China (ADBC), and  Export-Import Bank of China (ExIm) - confirm that they will remain  non-commercial entities.   In separate directives on each bank, the State Council reversed an earlier plan  in 2007 to commercialise the policy banks, which was put on hold during the 2008  global financial crisis. This reinforces the banks' support-driven ratings,  which were affirmed by Fitch at 'A+' with Stable Outlooks on 17 March 2015.  The  ratings are equivalent to China's sovereign ratings (A+/Stable/F1), as they are  based on an extremely high probability of central government support in the  event of stress, reflecting their important policy functions.  Areas of responsibility have also been confirmed and clarified. The reform plan  specifically redefines CDB as a development financial institution from a policy  bank, and calls upon CDB to take an active role in stabilising growth and in  supporting China's rebalancing. This may imply more commercialised activity by  CDB, while Fitch believes the bank will remain an agent of the state despite its  legal status.  ExIm's mandate has been extended from its historical policy role of financing  external trade to supporting domestic restructuring, as well as overseas  expansion.  ADBC will retain its role in agricultural development, but has been asked to  segregate its policy functions and commercial activities to sustain its primary  role as an agricultural policy bank.  CDB and ExIm have moved increasingly over the last few years toward promoting  the expansion of Chinese enterprises overseas to acquire resources and  technology, and to alleviate the pressure on excess capacity sectors. Fitch  expects the reform plans to pave the way for greater involvement by CDB and ExIm  in the "One Belt, One Road" development strategy. This refers to the New Silk  Road Economic Belt, which will link China with Europe through central and  western Asia; and the 21st Century Maritime Silk Road, which will connect China  with south-east Asia, Africa and Europe. Fitch believes the banks are likely to take on a greater role in supporting the  economy as domestic growth slows. This reinforces Fitch's expectations that  these banks will effectively remain agents of state policy, and thus no  Viability Ratings are likely to be assigned in the foreseeable future. The State Council also calls for the strengthening of capitalisation and risk  management, potentially paving the way for the introduction of minimum  capitalisation standards for policy institutions. That said, being policy  institutions, their risk appetite is expected to be higher than at commercial  banks. Local media suggest a minimum capital ratio of 10.5% for these  institutions, similar to the requirement for non-systematically important banks  in China (compared with 11.5% for systemically important banks), but no  confirmed details are available.   Contacts: Jack Yuan Associate Director  +86 21 5097 3038 Fitch Ratings (Beijing) Ltd. Shanghai Branch 1015, 10/F, IFC Tower A, HSBC Building,  8 Century Avenue, Pudong,  Shanghai 200120, China Grace Wu Senior Director  +852 2263 9919  Katie Chen Associate Director  +86 10 8517 2135 Media Relations: Leslie Tan, Singapore, Tel: +65 67 96 7234, Email:  leslie.tan@fitchratings.com; Wai-Lun Wan, Hong Kong, Tel: +852 2263 9935, Email:  wailun.wan@fitchratings.com. Additional information is available at www.fitchratings.com. ALL FITCH CREDIT RATINGS ARE SUBJECT TO CERTAIN LIMITATIONS AND DISCLAIMERS.  PLEASE READ THESE LIMITATIONS AND DISCLAIMERS BY FOLLOWING THIS LINK:  here. IN ADDITION, RATING  DEFINITIONS AND THE TERMS OF USE OF SUCH RATINGS ARE AVAILABLE ON THE AGENCY'S  PUBLIC WEBSITE 'WWW.FITCHRATINGS.COM'. PUBLISHED RATINGS, CRITERIA AND  METHODOLOGIES ARE AVAILABLE FROM THIS SITE AT ALL TIMES. FITCH'S CODE OF  CONDUCT, CONFIDENTIALITY, CONFLICTS OF INTEREST, AFFILIATE FIREWALL, COMPLIANCE  AND OTHER RELEVANT POLICIES AND PROCEDURES ARE ALSO AVAILABLE FROM THE 'CODE OF  CONDUCT' SECTION OF THIS SITE. FITCH MAY HAVE PROVIDED ANOTHER PERMISSIBLE  SERVICE TO THE RATED ENTITY OR ITS RELATED THIRD PARTIES. DETAILS OF THIS  SERVICE FOR RATINGS FOR WHICH THE LEAD ANALYST IS BASED IN AN EU-REGISTERED  ENTITY CAN BE FOUND ON THE ENTITY SUMMARY PAGE FOR THIS ISSUER ON THE FITCH  WEBSITE.   
None
332
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/05/20/yiwu-trade-idUSnPnKQYHL%2B5f%2BPRN20150520
Yiwu Imported Commodities Fair Facilitates Import of Consumer Goods into China
Wed May 20, 2015 6:29am EDT
    Yiwu Imported Commodities Fair Facilitates Import of Consumer Goods into China PR Newswire YIWU, China, May 20, 2015   YIWU, China, May 20, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Yiwu Imported Commodities Fair 2015 will take place in Yiwu, China from June 4-7. Yiwu, in the eastern coastal area of China, is the world's largest small commodity market, an important logistics hub in China and a starting point of Yiwu-Madrid freight line. This fair is expected to become an important platform facilitating the importation of foreign consumer goods from along the Yiwu-Madrid line and the distribution of such.  Covering an area of 50,000 square meters with 1,800 booths, the fair will showcase imported household products, foods and beverages, arts and crafts, ornaments, garments and accessories, products and services from both cross-border e-commerce companies and other international trade service providers. Invitations to exhibition focus on increasing the number of exhibitors from South Korea, Japan and other countries along the "One Belt, One Road" route. Over 1,200 exhibitors are expected to participate, making the fair one of China's largest in its category.  Yiwu has been specifically mentioned by the UN and by the World Bank as the largest small commodity wholesale market in the world. It sells over 2.1 million kinds of small commodities to more than 200 countries. Approximately 500,000 foreign buyers visit Yiwu annually, and over 15,000 foreign buyers from over 100 countries have established a resident footprint here. The city has business ties with 219 countries and regions. The launch of the China-Europe freight line from Yiwu to Madrid, Spain creates a new logistics channel for the "One Belt, One Road" initiative. The new route will give Chinese consumers access to products from Europe and Central Asia, and create new cooperation opportunities between Yiwu and countries along the New Silk Road. Foreign products transported to Yiwu via this railway will be displayed and sold from here, reaching consumers throughout China and further establishing Yiwu as the place of displaying and selling foreign-made goods in Chinese market.  Yiwu Imported Commodities Fair 2015 is the city's sole event featuring imported consumer products. In tandem with the "One Belt, One Road" initiative, the event puts more emphases on the second and third-tier brands from producers worldwide. To date, it has received registration applications from companies in over 100 countries across Europe, the Americas, Australia, Southeast Asia, Central Asia and Africa.  Photo - http://photos.prnasia.com/prnh/20150513/0861503826  To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/yiwu-imported-commodities-fair-facilitates-import-of-consumer-goods-into-china-300086376.htmlSOURCE  Yiwu Municipal Bureau of Commerce 
None
333
http://www.reuters.com/article/2010/07/01/us-kyrgyzstan-idUSTRE6601U720100701
Ethnic reprisal and fear spread in south Kyrgyzstan
Thu Jul 1, 2010 8:51am EDT
  OSH, Kyrgyzstan What ethnic Uzbeks fear most in Kyrgyzstan's conflict-torn south is the state troops deployed there to protect them.Huddled in the charred ruins of what is left of their homes, Uzbeks say that arrests and raids by government troops have become part of their lives in the wake of last month's violence in the volatile Central Asian nation."We are not afraid of mobs or looters. We are afraid of the military," said Misiryo Ismanova, as her five-year-old daughter played in the rubble outside the blackened shell of their house.At least 294 people were killed last month in south Kyrgyzstan as crowds of men, some in uniform, attacked Uzbek neighborhoods and destroyed an estimated 2,000 houses.Outright violence may have stopped for now, but tension is still simmering at the epicenter of the fighting -- the ancient Silk Road city of Osh. And many fear violence will erupt again and spread to other parts of Central Asia, an ethnically divided Muslim region north of Afghanistan and Iran.Uzbeks say that government troops, comprised mainly of ethnic Kyrgyz servicemen, have been systematically cracking down on their communities in past weeks, breaking into compounds, arresting men and seizing jewelry and money.The allegations have been echoed by local and international human rights organizations and denied by the authorities."Everything is done within the law," said Kursan Asanov, the Osh military commander. "Many write that (Uzbeks) are being beaten up and so forth. That is not true. If we catch anyone doing that we will immediately investigate and prosecute."About 2,000 servicemen are now deployed in Osh. Servicemen patrol the dusty streets wielding AK-47s, some wearing T-shirts and trainers. The authorities say their mission is to take weapons from civilians, arrest criminals and restore order.With violence still a threat in a country lying on a major drug trafficking route out of Afghanistan, the government has extended a curfew in Osh and nearby Jalalabad until August 10. Gunfire still rings out at night despite the curfew, and civilians on both sides are stocking up on firearms in fear of fresh violence, locals said. Nearly all the 100,000 Uzbek refugees have returned, to houses in ruins, no gas and no electricity.Human rights groups have called for an international probe to determine those responsible for the violence and investigate allegations that Kyrgyz forces took part in the attacks."Recent actions by government forces have reinforced the perception in the Uzbek communities that they cannot trust the law enforcement authorities to be objective," U.S.-based Human Rights Watch said in a statement last week."Many Uzbeks told us they believed security forces either perpetrated the attacks or deliberately turned a blind eye to them. ... Regardless of whether this is true, the result has been a complete breakdown in trust between the Uzbek community and the government," the HRW statement said."UZBEKS GET OUT" In the neighborhood of Cheryomushki with anti-Uzbek obscenities sprayed on walls in the maze of charred ruins, locals said they tried to register their destroyed property with the authorities to apply for compensation but were turned down."They said 'Uzbeks, get out of here'," said Dilbar Burayeva, who, like others, cooks meals on an open fire outside her ruined house. "Everyone wearing a uniform is against us. What have we done? Who will protect us?"Ilkhom, an Uzbek man, added, "Even now our neighbors say to us 'You started all this. You should've been killed.'"One man, who asked not to be named, said police had seized $3,000 from his family last week and that several young Uzbek men disappeared after the raid."I don't understand what we have done to deserve this," Nargiza, 35, an ethnic Uzbek Russian-language teacher. "Our own government is trying eliminate us." Nearby, at the monumental Kyrgyz-Uzbek University, the word "Uzbek" has been ripped out from the sign on the facade.Ethnic Uzbek journalist, Azimzhan Askarov, was arrested while he was gathering evidence of abuses committed during the violence, according to Amnesty International. And an Uzbek community leader was arrested a week ago, accused of links to Islamist rebels.No prominent arrests or raids have taken place in Kyrgyz communities.Security forces deny targeting Uzbeks and say their goal is to round up criminals seeking to stir up trouble.On a recent patrol in Onadyr, an Uzbek village largely untouched by destruction, a call to prayer sounded from a mosque as the police went house to house inspecting premises.Some disappeared out of sight into their walled compounds as soon as the police arrived. Others froze in the shade of large trees, staring intently as the convoy went past.Ethnic Kyrgyz have blamed Uzbeks, a wealthier people who see Osh as their historic homeland, for starting the violence, saying some of their houses have also been destroyed."They (Uzbeks) have money and weapons," said Aripjan Kokkozov, a Kyrgyz man who helped set up a tent camp for about 500 Kyrgyz refugees outside Osh. "They killed and raped our women. Uzbeks are responsible."(Editing by Louise Ireland)
Louise Ireland
334
http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/07/21/us-colombia-army-idUSBRE96K0BN20130721
Nineteen Colombian soldiers killed in clashes with FARC rebels
Sun Jul 21, 2013 4:24pm EDT
  TAME, Colombia Nineteen Colombian soldiers were killed in clashes blamed on the country's Marxist FARC guerrillas, defense ministry sources said on Sunday, the heaviest casualties the armed forces have suffered since the government began peace talks late last year.In the bloodier of the two separate attacks on Saturday, 15 soldiers were killed on a road linking two townships in Arauca province near the Venezuelan border, when they fired explosives at troops protecting an oil pipeline under construction.The FARC, or Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia, have a strong presence in the region and frequently attack the existing Cano Limon-Covenas oil pipeline owned by state-controlled oil company Ecopetrol, which passes through the area. President Juan Manuel Santos, who traveled to the region on Sunday confirmed the army casualties and said 12 guerrillas were captured during the attack. He ordered extra troops to the region to try to capture the rebels, some of whom had been injured."These are the instructions to our forces: don't stop shooting for even a moment until we reach the end of this conflict," Santos said. "All of Colombia must work for peace precisely so that incidents like those that occurred in the last 24 hours never happen again." Another four soldiers were killed in clashes in Caqueta province in the south of the country in clashes with the FARC, the army said, adding that six guerrillas were also killed. The FARC is the larger of two left-wing guerrilla movements in Colombia with around 8,000 fighters, the government says, about half the number it had a decade ago. The much smaller ELN, or National Liberation Army, which the FARC has recently strengthened ties, is believed to have around 1,500 guerrillas.The government began peace talks with FARC leadership in November last year with an agenda that includes disarmament, land reform and the FARC's participation in politics. The talks are taking place in Havana, Cuba.(Writing by Peter Murphy; editing by Christopher Wilson)
Peter Murphy
335
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/04/15/press-digest-hongkong-idUSL4N0XC17H20150415
PRESS DIGEST - Hong Kong - April 15
Tue Apr 14, 2015 9:49pm EDT
  HONG KONG, April 15 These are some of the leading stories in Hong Kong newspapers on Wednesday. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.SOUTH CHINA MORNING POST-- Beijing will push for the yuan to be included in a basket of currencies used to denominate and settle loans from Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank (AIIB), according to think tank sources. Beijing will also encourage the AIIB and the Silk Road Fund to set up special currency funds and issue yuan-denominated loans through both institutions, the sources said.(bit.ly/1IbfyW7)-- A specialist medical team at the Prince of Wales Hospital has proved that it can beat the desperate race against time to harvest organs from donors. The cross-department team conducted six kidney transplants from brain-dead patients within four days, setting a new medical record in Hong Kong. (bit.ly/1FHrMTz)-- A growing number of parents are delaying the registration of their children's birth, with the most extreme cases involving men who do not want to be recognised as the father. New figures from the Immigration Department showing the upward trend come in the wake of the unprecedented case of two teenage sisters who were born and raised in Hong Kong with no identity documents. (bit.ly/1FOaTvK) THE STANDARD-- Chief Executive Leung Chung-ying expressed confidence that the government's political reform package to be tabled in the Legislative Council next Wednesday will be passed.(bit.ly/1DFT7sj) -- Luxury French watchmaker and jeweller Cartier is the latest designer brand to slash prices, offering a 5 percent discount on timepieces in Hong Kong from Wednesday. Sources said Cartier will also reduce the prices of other jewellery from Thursday. (bit.ly/1CLoz3n)-- The new Hong Kong Federation of Students leader said they would "break" the doors of the Legislative Council if the political reform package is passed. Secretary-general Nathan Law Kwun-chung said it would be "legitimate" and non-violent if the action was taken. (bit.ly/1Dgw4mq)HONG KONG ECONOMIC JOURNAL-- Red hot primary property market has boosted sentiment in the secondary transaction with a 1,407 square foot penthouse unit in Kingswood Villas in the New Territories being sold for HK$10.5 million ($1.35 million) at the highest price since 1997, according to property agent Centaline.For Chinese newspapers, see...............    ($1 = 7.7511 Hong Kong dollars)   (Reporting by Donny Kwok; Editing by Gopakumar Warrier)
Donny Kwok
336
http://www.reuters.com/article/2008/06/23/us-olympics-mosque-idUSPEK18996820080623
China demolishes mosque for not supporting Olympics: group
Mon Jun 23, 2008 3:56am EDT
  BEIJING Chinese authorities in the restive far western region of Xinjiang have demolished a mosque for refusing to put up signs in support of this August's Beijing Olympics, an exiled group said on Monday.The mosque was in Kalpin county near Aksu city in Xinjiang's rugged southwest, the World Uyghur Congress said.The spokesman's office of the Xinjiang government said it had no immediate comment, while telephone calls to the county government went answered."China is forcing mosques in East Turkistan to publicize the Beijing Olympics to get the Uighur people to support the Games (but) this has been resisted by the Uighurs," World Uyghur Congress spokesman Dilxat Raxit said in an emailed statement. Beijing says al Qaeda is working with militants in Xinjiang to use terror to establish an independent state called East Turkistan.Oil-rich Xinjiang is home to 8 million Turkic-speaking Uighurs, many of whom resent the growing economic and cultural influence of the Han Chinese. Dilxat Raxit added that the mosque, which had been renovated in 1998, was accused of illegally renovating the structure, carrying out illegal religious activities and illegally storing copies of the Muslim holy book the Koran."All the Korans in the mosque have been seized by the government and dozens of people detained," he said. "The detained Uighurs have been tortured." The Olympic torch relay passed through Xinjiang last week under tight security, with all but carefully vetted residents banned from watching on the streets and tight controls over foreign media covering the event.(Reporting by Ben Blanchard; Editing by Nick Macfie)(For more stories visit our multimedia website "Road to Beijing" here; and see our blog at blogs.reuters.com/china)
Ben Blanchard
337
http://www.reuters.com/article/2011/03/11/georgia-trump-investment-idUSANT15436120110311
Donald Trump to invest $250 mln in Georgia towers
Fri Mar 11, 2011 11:05am EST
  TBILISI, March 11 American real estate mogul Donald Trump plans to invest at least $250 million in the construction of two skyscrapers in the former Soviet republic of Georgia, the Georgian president's press service said on Friday. The contract was signed by Trump and Georgia's Silk Road Group, one of the largest private investment companies in the South Caucasus, in New York on the sidelines of Georgian President Mikhel Saakashvili's visit to the United States. The deal envisages the construction of two 40-storey buildings in the country -- the Trump Tower in the capital Tbilisi and the residential Trump Riviera, in the resort town of Batumi.   The statistics office said earlier on Friday that foreign direct investment (FDI) in Georgia fell 16 percent in 2010 year-on-year to $553 million from to $658.4 million in 2009. [ID:nANT151236]  Although the FDI was well below the initial forecast of $1 billion in 2010, the International Monetary Fund resident representative in Georgia told Reuters last month it "was not negligible" as it still accounted for 5 percent of gross domestic product (GDP).  "We see a big interest from foreign investors to invest in Georgia ... Signing an agreement with Donald Trump will be a good advertisement for Georgia," Georgian Prime Minister Nika Gilauri said at the government meeting.  (Reporting by Margarita Antidze; Editing by Will Waterman)  
Margarita Antidze
338
http://www.reuters.com/article/slideshow/idUSRTR3NGP6
339
http://www.reuters.com/article/2010/10/22/us-syria-soap-idUSTRE69L1ID20101022
Modern threat to Syria's ancient Aleppo soap industry
Fri Oct 22, 2010 5:39am EDT
  ALEPPO, Syria The deep perfume of olive and laurel oil hangs in the air of old Aleppo, home to an ancient soap industry that has enjoyed a renaissance since the government lifted crippling trade bans in the last five years.Nestled among the 2,000-year-old labyrinthine streets in courtyard houses and old hotels known as khans, are a handful of workshops that have been making the famed "Savon d'Alep", or Aleppo soap, by hand for hundreds of years.But the guardians of the old tradition say greedy imitators who have begun marketing cheap industrial soap under the same name are threatening to undermine the brand in lucrative European export markets."European consumers are very discerning. They may fork several euros for a bar that has Aleppo written on it but they will not buy Syrian soap again if it doesn't make their skin nice," said Safouh al-Deiri, a Syrian businessman who has been exporting Aleppo soap to France since the 1980s.Deiri, who lives in Lyon, said Aleppo soap had influenced the development of soap making in Marseilles during the French occupation of Syria and neighbouring Lebanon from 1920 to 1946.The real soap, nicknamed Aleppo's green gold, is made only from olive and laurel oil, water and sodium palmate, a natural ingredient that hardens the mixture.The resulting block is cut by hand and left to dry for a period of six months up to three years to make it last longer. The rough look of the soap and the big square bars that weigh almost a quarter of a kilo each are its trademark.The soap's purity and simplicity -- olive oil is a natural moisturizer and laurel oil a cleanser -- contrast with modern soaps that use everything from pig fat to crushed horse bone, as well as "less noble" oils, such as palm oil or other seeds.Demand for organic and natural products has also won the product a niche market in Europe where many people favor it over "luxury" Western soaps which have over 20 ingredients, including some chemicals. RENAISSANCEBusiness in Aleppo, which was a cosmopolitan trading hub on the ancient Silk Road, has declined since the Baath Party took over Syria nearly 50 years ago and imposed Soviet style economic policies that drove its leading business families into exile.Restrictions on private enterprise have eased in the past years, contributing to the city's architectural rejuvenation, a rise in tourism and efforts to market the trademark soap.But despite the marketing drive, the five established family soap makers -- Zanabili, Najjar, Fansa, Jbeili and Sabouni, which means soap maker in Arabic -- remain understated and do not even have signs at their doors.They now export most of their production, estimated at 600 tonnes a year, to Europe, South Korea and Japan, especially the high end containing 16 percent laurel oil. Their success has spawned scores, if not hundreds of imitators, many of whom use chemical coloring to give the soap the green tint of laurel and olive oil.The industrial soap sells for $2 a kilo compared with the $16 or more for the traditional soap makers charge, depending on the quality of olive oil and proportion of laurel oil.Deiri said lack of standards could deal the Aleppo soap industry the same fate that befell its textiles, which were coveted in Europe before quality dwindled."There is already in France natural laurel and olive oil soap made in China. The Syrian government could help preserve the quality if it sets specifications for the Savon d'Alep name," he said.At the Zanabili workshop opposite the Osmanya mosque, owner Nabil Zanabili uses a magnifying glass to inspect a bar of soap submitted to him for an expert opinion. "It's good quality. The olive oil is good and it has a good proportion of laurel," Zanabili said after smelling the soap.He said Aleppo had been a center of soap making since before Jesus's time, together with Antioch in modern day Turkey and the Palestinian city of Nablus. The Mediterranean port city of Tripoli, long part of geographical Syria but a Lebanese city since 1920, also boasts at least one old soap house.But even Zanabili has developed a line that adds almond oil, mint and lemon oil to laurel, catering for some European and Asian tastes, although he insists that the product remains of the highest quality.Sultana, an upmarket shop that opened in the Jdeideh district three years ago, adds French imported Jasmine essence and has a line of laurel liquid hand soap.Marhaf Sabouni, who traces his family's soap making heritage back 600 years, said buying one of the established names remained a safe bet as they had not compromised their quality and reputation.But finding the high end product in the local market may be difficult, and discerning buyers have to find their way to workshops in the old quarters of Aleppo.Naji Fahed, who has two soap retail shops in the Syrian capital Damascus, stocks Fansa soap at $17 a kilo but every thing else in his shop sells at a fraction of that -- because not everyone appreciates the old fashioned qualities."The cheap soap burns on your skin, but it has its customers," said Fahed. "A famous Syrian actress is regular buyer from me. She buys the most awful soap and says it's the best thing for her skin".(Editing by Samia Nakhoul)
Samia Nakhoul
340
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/10/10/usa-silkroad-ulbricht-idUSL2N0S52OT20141010
U.S. judge rejects accused Silk Road creator's bid to suppress evidence
Fri Oct 10, 2014 6:05pm EDT
  NEW YORK Oct 10 A Texas man accused of creating an underground online drug marketplace called Silk Road lost a bid on Friday to suppress virtually all the evidence in his case ahead of his trial next month in New York.Lawyers for Ross Ulbricht, 30, argued that search warrants executed in the investigation were improper. The warrants stemmed from an earlier search of an Icelandic server that was "shrouded in mystery," defense lawyers said, questioning whether it was constitutional.But U.S. District Judge Katherine Forrest in Manhattan said Ulbricht had failed to submit any evidence to show he had a privacy interest in the server."Without this, he is in no different position than any third party would be vis-a-vis those items, and vis-a-vis the investigation that led U.S. law enforcement officers to Iceland in the first place," Forrest wrote. Prosecutors say Ulbricht owned and operated Silk Road, which they allege served as a black-market bazaar where drugs and criminal services such as computer hacking and forgeries could be acquired in exchange for the digital currency bitcoin.Forrest acknowledged that requiring Ulbricht to concede he had an interest in the Icelandic server "could be perceived as unfair" since prosecutors are trying to prove he created and operated Silk Road."But as Ulbricht surely knows, this is not the first court, nor is he the first defendant, to raise such an issue," she said. The judge said that, as a result, the only arguments she had to consider related to searches of his Gmail and Facebook accounts and his laptop, all of which she concluded were legal.A lawyer for Ulbricht did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Ulbricht, who prosecutors said was known online as "Dread Pirate Roberts," faces trial on Nov. 3.He has pleaded not guilty to a seven-count indictment that includes various conspiracy, narcotics trafficking, and continuing criminal enterprise charges.Federal authorities shut down Silk Road last year, although a new Internet marketplace debuted under the same name in November.The case is U.S. v. Ulbricht, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 13-06919.   (Reporting by Nate Raymond in New York; editing by Gunna Dickson)
Nate Raymond in New York
341
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/03/14/us-weather-vanuatu-cyclone-idUSKBN0MA0X320150314
Rescue effort begins in Vanuatu after powerful Pacific cyclone
Sat Mar 14, 2015 7:25pm EDT
  SYDNEY Rescue workers began a massive relief operation in Vanuatu on Sunday following a devastating cyclone that killed at least six people, sent thousands into emergency shelters and disrupted  communications in the Pacific island nation.     A nine-member U.N. team was due to arrive on Sunday to carry out an initial assessment of the damage from the category 5 cyclone named Pam, which at its peak covered the entire country on satellite maps and brought houses crashing down with winds of more than 300 kilometers per hour (185 miles per hour). Several other neighboring countries also were affected.    Officials said the airport in Vanuatu's capital, Port Vila, remained closed, though they hoped it might partly reopen later on Sunday to allow in the first relief planes.    As Cyclone Pam finally moved off to the southeast, more people left homeless by the disaster flooded into evacuation centers filled with thousands of evacuees, government officials said. Fears remained high that outlying islands, where there are few support services, may have been especially hard hit by flash flooding and cyclone-related damage. Officials said they were still unable to contact any region outside the capital."Our communication link is still down," Paolo Malatu, an official at the country's National Disaster Management Office (NDMO), told Reuters. "We have not got any information from outside Port Vila."    "The biggest need at the moment is shelter and food and wash kits," Malatu said. With President Baldwin Lonsdale at a conference in Japan and unable to fly into Vanuatu, the government was being led temporarily by Charlot Salwai, acting minister for climate change, government officials said.    Officials on Sunday confirmed six fatalities, a toll that is expected to increase amid unconfirmed reports of dozens of dead in the nation's remote northeast region. At least 20 others were injured. "We anticipate that (death toll) will go higher, particularly as information comes from the remote islands. We are talking about islands that are remote and really small, with none of what we would call modern infrastructure," said Colin Collett van Rooyen, Oxfam's country manager in Vanuatu.He added that the government had declared a state of emergency for Shefa province, where Port Vila is located, adding that he anticipated it would eventually be extended to the entire nation.    Formerly known as the New Hebrides, Vanuatu is a collection of around 83 islands with a population of 260,000. It experiences frequent earthquakes and storms, and aid officials regard it as one of the world's poorest nations.    Aid agencies in nearby Australia and New Zealand were preparing to send help.  (Reporting by Christopher McCall; Editing by Paul Simao)
Christopher McCall
342
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/01/28/us-usa-bitcoin-newyork-idUSBREA0R1DA20140128
New York may offer virtual currency regulations this year
Tue Jan 28, 2014 5:37pm EST
  NEW YORK New York's top bank regulator on Tuesday revealed new plans to regulate businesses handling transactions in bitcoin this year, saying the state may issue new financial services licenses tailored to virtual currencies.Benjamin Lawsky, New York's financial services superintendent, raised his idea for a "BitLicense" in a hearing a day after a prominent bitcoin entrepreneur was arrested on money laundering charges."The first job is to get rid of money laundering," said Lawsky, speaking to panelists at the hearing whose panelists included the investor twins Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss and the venture capitalist Fred Wilson.Officials from New York's Department of Financial Services asked panelists how they could best imagine businesses handling bitcoins meeting regulatory requirements equivalent to those directing other financial firms to combat money laundering and keep track of customer activity.While bitcoin experts testifying in the hearings said they agreed with the need for regulation, they warned an overly arduous system could stifle innovation and push startup companies and bitcoin transaction activity offshore.The dialogue exposed a core conflict in the relationship between regulators and bitcoin enthusiasts. When it was first created in 2009, the digital currency, which is not controlled by any company or central bank, appealed mostly to a group of tech specialists, many of whom harbored strong mistrust in governments and were looking to escape government control. The investors at Tuesday's hearing acknowledged activity in the bitcoin community has shifted away from this sentiment and said they wanted regulators to step in with rules for bitcoin businesses to follow. But, they said, too much regulation would damage bitcoin's growth."I sympathize with Jamie Dimon," Wilson said at one emotional moment during the hearing, which he later described as a "rant.""He runs an overregulated business," Wilson said of Dimon, chief executive of JPMorgan Chase & Co, which paid nearly $20 billion over the past year to resolve various regulatory and legal problems."I'm not sure I share all the sympathy," Lawsky said, adding he believed that the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001 would have been more difficult to carry out if better anti-money laundering laws for financial firms had been in place. An effort similar to New York's to regulate virtual currencies is underway in California, according to a source familiar with a series of private meetings between bitcoin business leaders and state officials.PROMINENT ADVOCATE RESIGNSIn another sign of the bitcoin community's push to appear more responsible, the Bitcoin Foundation, an advocacy group, said one of its officials, Charlie Shrem, had resigned. The announcement came a day after U.S. prosecutors charged Shrem with conspiring to commit money laundering. According to prosecutors, Shrem conspired to sell more than $1 million in bitcoins to users of Silk Road, an illicit online drugs bazaar that authorities shuttered last year. Shrem was CEO of BitInstant, a bitcoin exchange company that closed last summer.Lawsky said Shrem's arrest cast a cloud over the industry, but that virtual currencies could benefit the financial system."It could force the traditional payments community to 'up its game' in terms of the speed, affordability and reliability of financial transactions," Lawsky said.Lawsky said that while he wanted to set up clear rules, he also wanted to preserve flexibility, given the constantly evolving nature of the technology."That is, in part, why we're evaluating whether our agency should issue a so-called 'BitLicense' specifically tailored to virtual currencies," he said.(Reporting by Karen Freifeld and Emily Flitter; Editing by Leslie Adler and David Gregorio)
Karen Freifeld and Emily Flitter
343
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/02/26/usa-transportation-obama-idUSL1N0LV0II20140226
Obama to outline plan to fix crumbling U.S. roads, rail, bridges
Wed Feb 26, 2014 6:00am EST
  WASHINGTON Feb 26 President Barack Obama will fly to St. Paul, Minnesota, on Wednesday to propose a four-year, $302 billion plan to create jobs by fixing the nation's crumbling roads, bridges, rail and transportation infrastructure.Congress faces a Sept. 30 deadline to renew federal funding for transportation programs, a deadline that has made state governors concerned about planning projects that typically run through September and into the fall months.Obama will propose ending some tax breaks to provide a one-time $150 billion infusion of cash into transportation funding, the White House said."This vision will show how we can invest in the things we need to grow and create jobs by closing unfair tax loopholes, lowering tax rates, and making the system more fair," the White House said in a statement previewing his speech, set for 3:05 p.m. EST (2005 GMT). Obama will first tour an operations and maintenance center for Metro Transit, the system of buses, light rail and commuter trains serving the Minneapolis-St. Paul "Twin Cities" region.Obama has long called for using savings from tax reform to replenish the Highway Trust Fund, which relies on an 18.4-cents-a-gallon tax on gasoline to pay for the federal share of spending on roads. But it seems unlikely that a major tax overhaul could pass Congress in an election year. "While the president will show how to fully pay for his proposal in this way, he will also make clear that he is open to ideas and wants to work with Congress in a bipartisan way to get this done," the White House said.The gas tax, which raises about $35 billion a year, has not been raised in two decades, and the trust fund has fallen short of needs. Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx said said the fund could run out of money as soon as August. The U.S. Chamber of Commerce and the AFL-CIO labor federation have proposed increasing the fuel tax, but Republicans in Congress are averse to tax hikes.In St. Paul, Obama also will launch a competition for $600 million in grants for transportation projects through a program that leverages funds from the private sector and state and local governments. The spending has already been approved by Congress.It is the sixth round of grants for the program, called Transportation Investment Generating Economic Recovery (TIGER), which so far has given $3.5 billion to 270 projects.The White House said this round of grants will give priority to "projects that make it easier for Americans to get to jobs, school, and other opportunities, promote neighborhood revitalization and business expansion, and reconnect neighborhoods that are unnaturally divided by physical barriers such as highways and railroads."
None
344
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/06/13/china-qingdao-idUSL4N0OS1XO20140613
INSIGHT-China port fraud probe prompted by corruption inquiry
Fri Jun 13, 2014 1:46am EDT
  HONG KONG/QINGDAO, China/SYDNEY, June 13 The trail that led investigators to a suspected metal financing scam at China's Qingdao port which has spooked Western banks and hit global metals prices began with a Communist Party corruption probe 1,000 miles away in the old Silk Road city of Xining.The Central Commission for Discipline Inspection (CCDI) said in late April that it was investigating the city's Party secretary, Mao Xiaobing, for suspected "serious discipline violations" - a term generally used to denote graft.What was not made public at the time was that the authorities were also investigating Mao's business associate Chen Jihong, a veteran aluminium and alumina trader and chairman of Qingdao-based Dezheng Resources Holding Co. Ltd.Dezheng's trading unit, Decheng Mining, is now at the centre of a separate probe into the alleged duplication of warehouse receipts to obtain multiple loans secured against a single cargo of metal, according to police sources with direct knowledge of the matter.The use of commodities as collateral to raise finance is common practice in China and is not illegal. But duplicating receipts to repeatedly mortgage the full value of an asset is fraud and could leave more than one creditor holding claims to the same collateral.Industrial metals prices have fallen since authorities at Qingdao, the world's seventh largest port, announced the probe last week, amid concerns it could prompt Western banks to tighten controls over commodity financing.It has also played on Western investors' fears that lifting the lid on even a seemingly isolated case of fraud may uncover more landmines lurking within China's opaque "shadow" financial system, and sent global banks and trading houses scrambling to check their exposure."Like anything, the more you dig, the deeper you get," said Jeremy Goldwyn, a director in charge of Asia business at commodity broker Sucden. "They have uncovered something unwittingly and to some extent it fuels the argument, held by some, that 'who knows what other problems are out there, it's all going to end in tears'... I don't think there's any evidence of that at all."POLITICAL CONNECTIONS China's President Xi Jinping has launched a purge against corrupt officials after warning that endemic graft threatens the very survival of the Communist Party.While the CCDI has revealed no details of the investigation into Xining Party boss Mao beyond a terse one-line statement on its website, such political probes are typically wide-ranging and often involve investigators trawling through the affairs of dozens of the target's business associates and allies.That's how Chen first came to the attention of the corruption watchdog, according to six people who have done business with him.A native of southern China's Guangdong province who has since taken Singapore citizenship, Chen has been trading metals since the 1990s, and is a well-known figure in Qingdao, a major metals hub on the eastern seaboard, according to industry sources.His business ties to Mao were through Western Mining Co Ltd , a Shanghai-listed subsidiary of state-controlled Western Mining Group. Mao was chairman of the parent group from 2000-09, and of the listed company from 2004-09, according to its 2007 IPO documentation. Chen was an executive at Western Mining Co until 2006. One of Chen's companies, Hubei Hong Jun Investment, was also a shareholder of Western Mining Co between 2004-06.Trading company sources and bankers who have previously dealt with Decheng said Chen has been detained by authorities since late April, having initially been investigated as part of the Mao inquiry that was unrelated to Qingdao port.Western Mining Co did not respond to phone or email requests for comment. Industry sources say Decheng had initially tried to keep operating as normal, but by May some Chinese banks had learned of Chen's detention and started cutting credit to the firm and asking for outstanding payments. By late May, Chinese and foreign banks and traders scrambling to check their Decheng-linked metal stocks found that single cargoes appeared to have been used for multiple financing, said a source at a bank with knowledge of the investigations in Qingdao.Calls to Decheng Mining went unanswered, and a staff member at the firm's Qingdao office, who would only give his surname as Liu, would not comment on the police investigation or Chen's whereabouts. Calls to Chen's cellphone went to voicemail.Singapore-registered Zhong Jun Resources, an associate company of Decheng, did not respond to a series of calls requesting comment. Chen is a director of Zhong Jun.A woman, who said she was Chen's wife, said by phone from his home number in Singapore that she had not heard from her husband in many weeks and did not know where he was.INVESTIGATING RECEIPTSDecheng had imported aluminium and alumina for financing over the past decade and added copper to imports in recent years, trading sources said.When a cargo has arrived at a bonded warehouse in China, the warehouse company typically issues a receipt as proof of the stocks. The firm can then use the receipt to obtain short-term finance from a bank, with the metal as collateral. This has become a popular method of raising finance in China, often to skirt higher local borrowing rates and other credit restrictions, and is not illegal. The short-term funds raised might be invested in other markets, such as property, or re-lent via the regular or shadow banking system.Two police sources said authorities were investigating whether Decheng had raised multiple loans using duplicate warehouse receipts backed by the same cargo, which, if proven, could potentially leave its creditors exposed.Authorities have not yet disclosed the amount of metal involved in the financing probe, but sources familiar with the matter said it was about 20,000 tonnes of copper, nearly 100,000 tonnes of aluminium ingots and about 200,000 tonnes of alumina, the raw material for aluminium production. That quantity of metal would be worth about $390 million at current prices.Spooked by default worries, around a dozen Chinese bank representatives held a meeting in Qingdao with local government officials on June 6 to discuss the situation, said an official at the local Qingdao branch of Industrial and Commercial Bank of China , who asked not to be named."We're not the only one with a big exposure. Quite a few other banks at the meeting said Decheng has outstanding loans of over several hundred million yuan with them," said the official, who did not attend the meeting but said members of his team did.Two sources said the local banks decided at the meeting that they would not press charges against Decheng and would not freeze its assets."Decheng has a lot of physical assets, so the thinking for now is that the assets can be sold and Decheng can pay down some debt," said an industry source familiar with the situation.It is unclear how competing claims on Decheng's assets would be resolved if any fraud were proven.Foreign banks have said little for now while they try to assess their potential exposure. New York-based Citigroup Inc , Standard Bank Group and Standard Chartered  are among the main players financing copper on behalf of clients at the port.Standard Chartered has said it is reviewing metals financing to a small number of firms in China. Citigroup said it would work closely with relevant authorities, warehousing companies and clients in the event that its clients were affected. South Africa-based Standard Bank said it was investigating potential irregularities at Qingdao, but could not quantify losses, if any."All the stakeholders, including representatives from the foreign warehouses, banks and trading houses affected, held a meeting last week to get a handle of the situation," said a source at one of the Western banks. "We are still assessing our exposure because we don't know if there have been fake receipts issued."The ICBC official in Qingdao said Decheng has defaulted on loan repayments since April and owes the bank more than 100 million yuan ($16 million) for its onshore business unrelated to metals financing at Qingdao Port. No one at ICBC's head office could be reached for comment.Qingdao port has sealed its Dagang bonded metal storage area and suspended delivery of metals from the section after companies sought court orders to sequestrate the metal.    ($1 = 6.2151 Chinese Yuan Renminbi)   (Additional reporting by Rachel Armstrong in Singapore; Writing by Alex Richardson; Editing by Ian Geoghegan)
None
345
http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/11/21/us-silkroad-ulbricht-bail-idUSBRE9AK1JU20131121
Judge denies bail for alleged Silk Road founder Ulbricht
Thu Nov 21, 2013 6:48pm EST
  NEW YORK A federal judge on Thursday denied a petition to release alleged Silk Road founder Ross Ulbricht from jail before his trial, concluding that the bail proposal his defense team presented was not strong enough to dispel worries that the 29-year-old would try to flee or take violent action.Following the judge's ruling, disappointed sighs were heard from a few members of Ulbricht's family who attended the hearing. "Oh God," said Ulbricht's mother, Lyn LaCava Ulbricht.Ulbricht's lawyer had proposed a bail package worth $1 million that restricted Ulbricht's movements and cut off his access to the internet. But a Manhattan federal prosecutor argued there was reason to believe Ulbricht would try to leave the country if released, and that his alleged participation in six murder-for-hire plots rendered him too dangerous to remain outside of jail.Ulbricht was arrested in San Francisco on October 1 and charged in federal court in Manhattan with counts relating to drug trafficking, money laundering and computer hacking, all stemming from his alleged involvement in the anonymous internet marketplace Silk Road, which sold drugs and criminal services in exchange for the digital currency Bitcoin. After Ulbricht's arrest, the government shut down the website.Ulbricht is also facing charges in federal court in Maryland relating to a murder-for-hire plot.At Thursday's hearing, Assistant U.S. Attorney Serrin Turner told Magistrate Judge Kevin Fox that Ulbricht had tried to have a total of six people killed, transacting with at least two hit men, one of whom was an undercover agent. Turner also said federal agents analyzing a laptop seized from Ulbricht at the time of his arrest had found a diary he kept detailing his creation of Silk Road. "The evidence in the government's view is absolutely overwhelming against the defendant," Turner said.During the bail hearing, Turner and Ulbricht's lawyer Joshua Dratel, sparred over the meaning of some of Ulbricht's recent behavior, including an effort he made in 2012 to become a citizen of the sparsely populated Caribbean island of Dominica and his attitude during an interview in July with agents from the Department of Homeland Security.Turner also said Ulbricht had found "a cabin off the grid" where he grew psychedelic mushrooms when he was first starting Silk Road, "so he would have something to sell."Dratel countered that the government's accusations were not yet proven, and that Ulbricht had a strong network of supportive friends and family members willing to take care of him and attest to his good character. He said the government had not offered any evidence that Ulbricht had committed violence or sold drugs himself. "Everything the government claims against him is indirect," Dratel said.Regarding claims of support for Ulbricht from family and friends, Turner said those people only knew Ulbricht's offline persona, not the side of him that was Silk Road's mastermind."They do not know the other half of Mr. Ulbricht," he said. In the end, Fox said he was not convinced Ulbricht would behave himself "given the powerful evidence presented" by the government."I am not convinced that there are conditions that could be fashioned to secure his presence in court," Fox said.After the hearing, Ulbricht's mother, Lyn, said "He deserved bail," adding the decision was "so unfair."The case is U.S. v. Ulbricht, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 13-mj-2328.(This story has been corrected to change name of presiding magistrate judge to Kevin Fox, not Ronald Ellis, in 6th, 14th and 15th paragraphs)(Editing by Bob Burgdorfer)
Bob Burgdorfer
346
http://www.reuters.com/article/slideshow/idUSBRE88C1MK20120914
347
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/06/30/usa-bitcoin-auction-idUSL2N0PB2JN20140630
UPDATE 1-SecondMarket, Pantera outbid in bitcoin auction
Mon Jun 30, 2014 6:40pm EDT
  (Adds details, comments from Pantera)By Gertrude Chavez-DreyfussNEW YORK, June 30 (Reuters) - SecondMarket and U.S. investment firm Pantera Capital, two of the more prominent bidders in the U.S. Marshals bitcoin auction, on Monday said they were outbid in their attempts to buy some of the nearly 30,000 coins sold late last week.The rejection of two of the biggest names in the bitcoin industry is a potentially encouraging sign for the long-term prospects of the crypto-currency because this means the auction drew a lot of interest from other institutional as well as new investors.Pantera Capital chief executive officer Dan Morehead told Reuters the firm was not able to purchase the bitcoins because their bid was below the market price."The point is when this auction was announced, bitcoin was trading at $634 and the general view was that the supply would take the price down," Morehead said."But ultimately, the supply increased the demand for bitcoins and now the price was higher than when the auction was announced." On Friday, the U.S. Marshals Service auctioned off about 30,000 bitcoins seized during a raid on Silk Road, an Internet black-market bazaar where authorities say illegal drugs and other goods could be bought. The Marshals Service said it was notifying winners on Monday evening.A spokeswoman for the U.S. Marshals Service said on Monday the 12-hour auction for about $17.7 million in bitcoin drew 45 registered bidders and received 63 bids but would not disclose  the bidding price of the coins."The award process is ongoing, and we will have no further announcements today," said Lynzey Donahue, a spokeswoman for the Marshals Service. Barry Silbert, founder and chief executive officer of    SecondMarket Holdings, which runs a bitcoin investment platform, confirmed in an email to Reuters on Monday that he tweeted earlier his firm had been outbid for the bitcoin auction on all blocks. Silbert had made no secret of his desire to bid in the auction, so his firm being outbid suggested interest was likely strong.Bitcoin prices were up 6.8 percent on Monday at $639.32, according to the digital currency exchange CoinDesk. The currency's price rose late in the afternoon in advance of expectations for the sale's results."The bitcoins that were auctioned off would be in good hands," said George Samman, chief operating officer, at BTC.sx, a bitcoin derivatives trading platform. "The investors will provide the stability to the industry and reduce volatility in the market. These people will probably hold the bitcoin over the long haul and that's good for the industry."Bitcoin is a virtual currency that has gained a following but also has come under scrutiny due to scams related to virtual currencies. However, its acceptance has grown, with satellite operator Dish and online travel agency Expedia recently saying they would accept payment in bitcoin.Among those who said they registered to participate in the auctions were Bitcoin Shop Inc. and Coinbase. Both declined to comment.Silbert had attracted a group of investors interested in getting a share of the bitcoin auction by offering lower bid sizes and a reduced upfront commitment. In a tweet last week he said he received 186 bids from 42 bidders.Silk Road was shut after an FBI raid in September 2013 as agents took control of its server and arrested a Texas man, Ross Ulbricht, that the authorities said owned and operated the website. The auction was for 29,655 bitcoins contained in files residing on its servers, which were forfeited in January.   (Reporting by Gertrude Chavez-Dreyfuss and David Gaffen; Editing by Diane Craft)
Gertrude Chavez-Dreyfuss and David Gaffen
348
http://www.reuters.com/article/2008/07/07/us-china-politics-islam-idUSPEK13637820080707
Radical Islam stirs in China's remote west
Sun Jul 6, 2008 9:19pm EDT
  KASHGAR, China In a backstreet of the old Silk Road city of Kashgar, the Chinese government has been spray-painting signs on dusty mud brick walls to warn against what it says is a new enemy -- the Islamic Liberation Party.Better known as Hizb ut-Tahrir, the group says its goal is to establish a pan-national Muslim state, or Caliphate.China says Hizb ut-Tahrir are terrorists, and claim they operate in the far western region of Xinjiang, home to some 8 million Muslim, Turkic-speaking Uighurs, many of whom chafe under Chinese rule.But the group, and some observers, say they do not espouse violence, and they accuse China of playing up the threat as an excuse to further crack down in restive Xinjiang, especially ahead of this summer's Beijing Olympics."Strike hard against the Islamic Liberation Party" and "The Islamic Liberation Party is a violent terrorist organization" read the signs in Kashgar, written in red in both Chinese and Uighur's Arabic-based script.Residents passing by appear to give little heed to the notices, accustomed as they are to daily barrages of propaganda from the government denouncing "splittism", "illegal religious activities" and calling for ethnic unity and harmony."I don't know what that group is," said one Uighur, who declined to give his name, shaking his head and scurrying away.As in another strife-hit Chinese region, Tibet, many Uighurs resent the growing economic and cultural impact of Han Chinese who have in some cases been encouraged by the government to move to far-flung and under populated parts of the country.Beijing accuses militant Uighurs of working with al Qaeda to use terror to bring about an independent state called East Turkestan. It claims to have foiled at least two Xinjiang-based plots this year to launch attacks during the Beijing Games.But the emergence of Hizb ut-Tahrir is a recent phenomenon in Xinjiang."The organization is extremely resilient and its influence, although limited to southern Xinjiang, seems to be growing," said Nicholas Bequelin of Human Rights Watch."The prison authorities are also worried about the influence of Hizbut followers on other inmates," he added. But it seems unlikely they represent the threat to Xinjiang that China likes to portray, said Dru Gladney, president of the Pacific Basin Institute at Pomona College, California, and a Uighur expert."For most Uighurs who are activists, though some of them are very religious in their Islam, their main goal is sovereignty for Xinjiang. Hizb ut-Tahrir doesn't support that. They support a worldwide Caliphate, not any one independent region," he said.RUNNING ON XINJIANG TIMEThough a part of China, many areas in Xinjiang feel a world away from the booming and cosmopolitan cities on the Chinese coast, far to the east.In Kashgar, a city close to the Pakistan and Afghan borders, some women not only cover their heads, but also veil their faces. In some cases, dark brown cloths envelope the whole head.Clocks in a lot of mosques, restaurants, cafes and shops are set to Xinjiang time, two hours behind Beijing time, the official standard for the entire country, even if that means the sun does not set until after 10 p.m. in Kashgar in the summer. Exiled groups and human rights campaigners have long chastised China for its religious restrictions, even as the government hits back and says it guarantees freedom of religion in its constitution, as long as believers respect the law.Many are not convinced that Hizb ut-Tahrir is the threat the Chinese government says it is in Xinjiang."This does not exist. They have come up with this group's name themselves," said Dilxat Raxit, spokesman for the exiled World Uyghur Congress. "They are trying to mislead the world and deflect from concern for the Uighur people."For its part, Hizb ut-Tahrir denies it advocates violence."Hizb ut-Tahrir and Muslim voices that do not toe the government line have been severely oppressed by the Chinese government," Taji Mustafa, media representative for Hizb ut-Tahrir Britain, told Reuters in an emailed statement."It is well known across the world that since its founding in 1953, Hizb ut-Tahrir has exclusively engaged in non-violent political and intellectual work," Mustafa added. He did not comment on whether the group was active in Xinjiang. SPLITTISMYet China maintains the threat is real. Hizb ut-Tahrir is likewise banned in countries such as Uzbekistan, where it has also been blamed for violence.In November, China's Xinhua news agency announced sentences ranging from death to life in jail for six Uighurs accused of "splittism and organizing and leading terrorist groups", and implicated Hizb ut-Tahrir.One of the men was found guilty of "proactively carrying out extremist religious activities and promoting 'jihad', establishing a terrorist training base and preparing to set up an 'Islamic caliphate'", Xinhua reported.In April, the Xinjiang government blamed Hizb ut-Tahrir for inciting protests in Khotan, in which the World Uyghur Congress said about 1,000 people took to the streets."By linking the unrest to Hizb ut-Tahrir there's legal cause for suggesting that these individuals were involved in a transnational conspiracy to set up an Islamic state and destabilize China," Gladney said."It's not clear that the civil unrest had any of those goals in mind," he added. "They were pretty disorganized."Still, authorities launched a propaganda drive last year targeting what China says are the true intentions of Hizb ut-Tahrir."Be very clear about the 'Islamic Liberation Party's' reactionary nature," the Kashgar government said in a notice on its website. "Be very clear about their pervasive and actual threat to Xinjiang and Kashgar."Yet while some Uighurs say they have heard of Hizb ut-Tahrir, they dismiss it as being irrelevant to their situation."What we want is simple -- freedom," said a Uighur resident of Xinjiang's regional capital, Urumqi, who asked not be identified, fearing repercussions with the authorities. "But there are too many Han and too few of us."(Editing by Megan Goldin)
Megan Goldin
349
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/08/12/us-lng-railways-kemp-idUSKBN0GC11K20140812
Next energy revolution will be on roads and railroads: Kemp
Tue Aug 12, 2014 8:11am EDT
  LONDON From modest beginnings in the Barnett shale beneath the city of Fort Worth, unnoticed by most energy analysts, horizontal drilling and hydraulic fracturing spread across North America and transformed all aspects of the energy landscape in under 10 years.Now the most important question for energy analysts is what technology will revolutionize the system next.One of the most promising candidates has been taking shape along America’s highways and at a specialist rail testing center in Colorado.Locomotives powered by liquefied natural gas (LNG) have been tested for BNSF Railway at a private facility as the company takes the next step in a pilot program that could eventually transform the railroad industry and lead to the next phase of the North American energy revolution.The first phase of testing, involving stationary tests on private property, has been conducted at the Transportation Technology Centre in Pueblo, Colorado, using engines converted by Electro-Motive Diesel and General Electric and some LNG tenders inherited from previous trials two decades ago.But BNSF will test LNG engine-and-tender sets in revenue-earning service on a limited number of tracks by the end of this year, according to the company. These dual-fuel engines are designed to burn diesel mixed with up to 90 percent gas.People have been forecasting for several years that gas will become the transport fuel of the future; now experiments by BNSF are starting to make it a reality.The financial incentive to switch is enormous, and the companies involved in testing LNG are among the biggest and most influential in the rail industry, with the engineering expertise and financial resources to make the change happen.Some commentators have questioned whether natural gas could really replace diesel as the main fuel in use on U.S. and Canadian railroads, despite being much cheaper and cleaner. But skeptics risk missing the next big shift in the energy system.The commodity cost of natural gas is around one-fifth that of diesel on an energy-equivalent basis, thanks to the shale boom, and the gap shows no sign of closing (link.reuters.com/wak62w).Even after the costs of transportation, liquefaction and dispensing are factored in, LNG is around one-third cheaper than diesel, according to indicative prices provided by Clean Energy, the largest supplier of natural gas for transportation in North America (“Introduction to Clean Energy Fuels” June 2014).The cost advantage could be greater in future if demand for LNG as a transport fuel expands and the industry is able to achieve bigger economies of scale.Fuel is the second-largest operating expense for BNSF and accounts for a third of all the railroad’s operating costs, so there are strong reasons to investigate any technology that could slash the bill. Set against this, doubters point to the capital cost of retrofitting locomotives to run on a mix of natural gas and diesel and building new tenders to carry the LNG, which is estimated at $1-2 million per locomotive by industry experts.Railroads or fuel suppliers would also need to build an expensive network of new liquefaction facilities and fuelling terminals to support a fleet of LNG locomotives.And safety concerns would need to be overcome. Railroads are currently forbidden from transporting LNG under hazardous materials regulations enforced by the Federal Railroad Administration.FINANCIAL MUSCLEBNSF, the most prominent railroad involved in testing LNG trains, is the second-largest in North America by revenue and carload volume.“We’re serious,” about the potential for LNG trains, the railroad’s executive chairman told reporters at a news conference in North Dakota in May. “We are testing them right now”. (“BNSF executive sees big opportunity in switch from diesel to LNG locomotives” May 28) North of the border, Canadian National, one of the two major railroads in Canada, is conducting its own tests for dual-fuel engines powered by a mix of LNG and diesel.Natural gas has already made more inroads on the highways. Clean Energy Fuels supplies LNG and compressed natural gas (CNG) to trucking at more than 470 facilities in 43 states across the United States, including 180 public stations along U.S. highway network.The company says it has more than 800 fleet customers and is fuelling over 35,000 vehicles every day, including mass transit, refuse trucks, delivery vehicles and heavy tractor-trailers.Most major truck manufacturers now offer dual-fuel engines. Dual-fuel engines are also increasingly popular for oil and gas drilling and a number of other energy-intensive industrial operations.There are likely to be synergies between the provision of LNG to the rail, trucking and industrial sectors. Rail and road users could share some refueling infrastructure, cutting the costs for both systems, especially in the early stages.Moreover, lessons learned in developing gas-engines for heavy trucks can be applied to locomotive engines, helping the technology develop faster. ENERGY TRANSITIONBurlington Northern, one of the forerunners of BNSF, experimented with LNG-powered trains back in 1980, at the height of the second oil shock.The trials were abandoned when oil prices fell, eliminating the financial incentive to switch. But the current gap between gas and oil prices has been open since 2011 and shows no sign of disappearing.The first standard locomotives operating on a mix of LNG and diesel are unlikely to be available until 2017, according to industry insiders. But by the end of the decade, most new locomotives could be equipped with dual-fuel engines.Based on the time taken for previous technology transitions in the rail industry, such as the switch from steam to diesel, the switch to a dual-fuel fleet could be largely complete by the end of the 2020s or early 2030s.The potential for displacing diesel is enormous. U.S. railroads use 3.6 billion gallons of the fuel every year. Even bigger quantities are used in heavy-duty trucking (25 billion gallons) and in maritime transport (6.6 billion gallons), where switching experiments are also well underway.If LNG suppliers can make major inroads into all these sectors, it would make a small but substantial dent in oil demand.Current trials for LNG-fueled trains are still in their early stages. No decision has been made whether to go ahead and order locomotives and tenders for regular commercial service, and a decision is unlikely to come before 2016.But there appear to be no insurmountable engineering obstacles to switching to natural gas in the road, rail and shipping sectors. The only issue is the relative price of gas and oil.As long as the price differential is expected to remain wide, the shift to gas will continue to accelerate.  (editing by Jane Baird)
Jane Baird
350
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/03/29/us-china-economy-oneroad-idUSKBN0MP0J320150329
China's Xi: Trade between China and Silk Road nations to exceed $2.5 trillion
Sun Mar 29, 2015 9:06am EDT
  BEIJING China's President Xi Jinping said he hoped its annual trade with the countries involved in Beijing's plan to create a modern Silk Road would surpass $2.5 trillion in a decade.Xi also pledged to protect the interests of foreign companies in China amid investors' rising concerns that Beijing is enacting policies that could hurt their businesses.Under the so-called "One Belt, One Road" initiative, China aims to create a modern Silk Road Economic Belt and a 21st Century Maritime Silk Road to boost trade and extend its global influence. Commerce Minister Gao Hucheng said previously that more than 50 countries had shown interest in the initiative.Projects under the plan include a network of railways, highways, oil and gas pipelines, power grids, Internet networks, maritime and other infrastructure links across Central, West and South Asia to as far as Greece, Russia and Oman, increasing China's connections to Europe and Africa.Speaking at the sidelines of a high-level event in the southern city of Boao on Sunday, Xi said the scheme would stimulate trade and investment between China and countries along the route, according to a statement on the foreign ministry's website."We hope that the annual trade volume between China and these countries surpasses $2.5 trillion in a decade or so," Xi told 40 company representatives from China and overseas. By way of comparison, China's trade with the European Union in 2013 amounted to 428.1 billion euros ($466.1 billion).Chinese industries expected to benefit from the plan include agriculture and mining as the route encourages exploration for minerals.In addition to trade efforts, China is seeking to boost its global influence by signing up countries to its Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank. Xi, meanwhile, sought to address concerns from foreign businesses, which have complained of an increasingly tough business climate in the world's second-largest economy."China will be more open. China's policies that encourage the use of foreign investment will not change, and the protection of legitimate rights and interests of foreign-invested businesses will not change," Xi said.The United States is concerned about China's restrictions on the use of foreign information technology equipment by the banking sector, according to a filing published by the World Trade Organization on Thursday. New cyber-security regulations would force technology vendors to Chinese banks to hand over secret source code and adopt Chinese encryption algorithms.U.S. companies have also cried foul over China's oversight of monopoly and pricing issues and antitrust enforcement.($1 = 0.9185 euros) (editing by Jane Baird)
Jane Baird
351
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/03/17/ma-audax-group-idUSnBw175825a%2B100%2BBSW20150317
Audax Group Announces the Sale of Phillips & Temro Industries
Tue Mar 17, 2015 9:45am EDT
          Audax Group Announces the Sale of Phillips & Temro Industries             Audax Group has completed the sale of Phillips & Temro Industries        (“PTI”) to Harbour Group, a private operating company located in St.        Louis, Missouri. PTI is a premier global supplier of highly engineered        thermal technology systems headquartered in Eden Prairie, Minnesota and        has operations in the United States, United Kingdom and China.             Through its five locations, PTI designs, engineers, manufactures and        sells highly engineered thermal technology systems, solutions and        controls for mission-critical applications in the oil & gas, off-road        equipment, heavy/medium/light duty truck, power generation, and        automotive industries. Since Audax’ initial investment in 2012, the        Company has transformed into a leading, pure play thermal solutions        platform with significant runway for long-term growth. Over the last        three years the Company consolidated its North American manufacturing        facilities, divested its silencing/emissions division through a complex        transaction that included the simultaneous acquisition of MIRATECH Group        and the establishment of a new, standalone entity that Audax controls,        accelerated new product development, and completed two acquisitions in        its core thermal technology markets, all-in more than doubling the core        heating business.             Geoffrey S. Rehnert, Co-CEO of Audax Group, said: “Butch and the PTI        team have done an exceptional job restructuring the manufacturing        footprint, optimizing the silencing/emissions division, and growing the        company organically and through acquisitions to build upon PTI’s        position as a leader within the industry. We wish Butch and the PTI team        continued success on the next leg of growth with Harbour Group.”             Butch Sumpter, CEO of PTI, said: “Audax Group’s expertise in helping us        execute our buy and build strategy was essential for improving PTI’s        market position and expanding our end market and geographic presence.”             Robert W. Baird & Co. advised PTI. Kirkland & Ellis LLP and Fredrikson &        Byron, P.A. served as legal counsel to PTI.             About PTI:             PTI is a premier global supplier of highly engineered thermal technology        systems, solutions and controls for mission-critical applications in the        oil & gas, off-road equipment, heavy / medium / light duty truck, power        generation, electric / hybrid electric vehicle and automotive        industries. The Company is headquartered in Eden Prairie, Minnesota and        has operations in the United States, United Kingdom and China.             About Audax Group:             Audax Group is a private equity firm that targets middle market        businesses within the business and consumer services, energy,        healthcare, technology, media and telecom, and industrial sectors. It        manages more than $5 billion of assets across its private equity,        mezzanine debt and private senior debt businesses. Audax was founded in        1999 and has offices in New York, New York, Boston, Massachusetts, and        Menlo Park, California.       Photos/Multimedia Gallery Available: http://www.businesswire.com/multimedia/home/20150317005825/en/        Audax GroupGeoffrey Rehnert, 617-859-1503Co-CEO          
None
352
http://www.reuters.com/article/2011/06/28/us-tanzania-serengeti-road-idUSTRE75R3ZL20110628
Tanzania to rethink road through Serengeti: UNESCO
Tue Jun 28, 2011 12:00pm EDT
  DAR ES SALAAM U.N. world heritage body UNESCO says Tanzania will reconsider plans for a major road across its Serengeti National Park that critics said would upset one of Africa's top wildlife spectacles -- the annual migration of some two million wildebeest.The United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization said Tanzania's Natural Resources and Tourism Minister Ezekiel Maige announced the decision at the World Heritage Committee's meeting in Paris which ends on Wednesday."Tanzania has stated it will reconsider its north road project, which would have split the northern part of the Serengeti wilderness and seriously disturbed the migration patterns of animals there," UNESCO said on its website."The alternative is to maintain the 53 km stretch of gravel road mainly for tourism and administrative purposes." Maige told Reuters the Ministry of Works was yet to make its final decision on the road which Tanzanian President Jakaya Kikwete has insisted would not affect wildlife in the area.Tanzania has increased infrastructure spending in its 2011/12 budget by 85 percent to 2.78 trillion Tanzanian shillings ($1.73 billion). It is unclear if the Serengeti road is among infrastructure projects due to receive funding from the government this year.UNESCO has urged the international community to provide support to Tanzania for an alternative route, running south of Serengeti National Park and Ngorongoro Conservation area. The World Bank said in March it has offered Tanzania an alternative to stop the Serengeti road project.Kenya welcomed the decision."It is a win for both Kenya and Tanzania," Tourism Minister Najib Balala told a news conference in Nairobi.(Additional reporting by Humphrey Malalo in Nairobi; Editing George Obulutsa and Louise Ireland)
None
353
http://www.reuters.com/article/2010/10/07/snclavalin-idUSN0714049920101007
UPDATE 2-SNC-Lavalin to IPO highway unit, bid on 407 stake
Thu Oct 7, 2010 6:32pm EDT
     * To list Transaxio on Toronto Stock Exchange * Will use proceeds to trump CPPIB bid for Hwy 407 stake * CPPIB agreed to acquire stake from Spain's Ferrovial  (Adds details, company comment) By Cameron French TORONTO, Oct 7 (Reuters) - SNC-Lavalin (SNC.TO) said on Thursday it will take its its highway concession division public and use the funds raised to trump a bid for a 10 percent stake in a Toronto-area toll road made by one of Canada's biggest pension managers. The Montreal-based construction and engineering firm said it would take the unit public through an initial public offering of subscription receipts, which will entitle the holder to a share of the new company.  SNC already owns a 16.8 percent stake in the 407 Express Toll Route, and has the right of first refusal on the 10 percent stake, which is held by a unit of Spanish infrastructure company Ferrovial (FER.MC). The Canada Pension Plan Investment Board (CPPIB) said this week it would acquire Ferrovial's stake for C$894 million ($876 million).  Highway 407 winds around the northern edge of the Greater Toronto Area, which has a population of about 5.5 million and is Canada's largest urban area. The road opened in 1997 and was leased to private investors in 1999 by the province of Ontario. It drew revenue of C$560 million in 2009. CPPIB has become a top investor in infrastructure assets as uncertainty has gripped equity markets. The fund has also bid on the 30 percent stake in 407 held by Australia's Intoll Group ITO.AX. SNC said it filed to list the new unit -- called Transaxio Highway Concession Inc -- after it learned of the CPPIB bid.  An SNC spokeswoman would not say how much of the new company would be sold in the IPO, and a copy of the prospectus was not immediately available. Shares in the new company will be listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange. CIBC World Markets is leading the syndicate of underwriters marketing the deal, SNC said. Shares of SNC fell 67 Canadian cents to C$51.42 on the Toronto Stock Exchange. The move was announced after markets closed. ($1=$1.02 Canadian)  (Reporting by Cameron French; editing by Rob Wilson)   
Cameron French
354
http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/06/10/us-kazakhstan-railway-idUSBRE9590GH20130610
Kazakhs launch 'Silk Road' China-Europe rail route
Mon Jun 10, 2013 7:54am EDT
  ASTANA Kazakhstan has launched a new transit railway linking China to Europe, aiming to beat rival routes for journey time in the competition to handle a growing flow of goods along the ancient Silk Road trade route."Kazakhstan is a virtual bridge linking the East and the West," Yerkin Meirbekov, deputy railway department chief at Kazakhstan's Transport Ministry, said in an interview. "You can actually say this is the revival of the Silk Road."Centuries ago, it would take months for caravans of camels and horses from China to reach Europe across the sun-scorched steppes and deserts of Central Asia to exchange silk for medicines, perfumes and precious stones.Now it takes just 15 days for trains carrying containers with electronic goods, construction materials and other cargo to cover the 10,800 km (6,750 miles) route from Chongqing in southwest China to Duisburg in Germany's industrial Ruhr region.Late last year, Kazakhstan completed construction of a 293-km (183-mile) stretch from Zhetygen to Korgas at the Chinese border, looping it in to the existing national railway network and opening the second China-Europe link across its territory.Meirbekov said that the annual volume of freight turnover along the new route, guaranteed by China, was set to total 2 million metric tons (2.2 million tons) this year and would rise eventually to 15 million metric tons."The Chinese side, as well as the Kazakh side and European partners - everyone is ready (to handle these volumes) already tomorrow," Meirbekov said. "All railways, as well as customs and border guards, are ready to assist fast passage of cargo across their territories."Europe-bound trains from China cross from Kazakhstan into Russia. Then they go via Belarus and Poland before reaching Duisburg in Germany.LUCRATIVE BUSINESSTransit routes are a major earner for Kazakhstan's fast-growing economy, already established as a route for pipelines to pump Central Asian oil and gas to China, reducing the region's dependency on former colonial master Russia. "In railways, transit cargo is considered to be net profit, because there are no costs involved - you take in cargo at one border and hand it over at the other. This is a tasty morsel, and all nations are vying for transits," Meirbekov said.Kazakhstan, the world's ninth-largest nation by area which is populated by just 17 million, inherited another railway route to China from the Soviet Union.This railway, with the Dostyk-Alashankou crossing at China's border, handled a record 16.5 million metric tons of cargo to and from China in 2012, Meirbekov said, predicting that it would reach it maximum annual capacity of 25 million metric tons soon. "If you look at China's prospects, large-scale and intensive development of western China is under way, and output produced there should be exported elsewhere," he said. "This is why the second (transit) route was built.""Sending goods by sea is very cheap - of course, if the client agrees to wait for 45 days," he said. "But markets are fickle, and you have to move fast."Goods to be delivered to Europe from China via Russia's Trans-Siberian railway would cover 12,000 km and transit time would take between 18 and 20 days, the Kazakh government says, touting its own route.Oil-rich Kazakhstan, Central Asia's largest economy, forecasts its gross domestic product to expand by 6 percent this year after a 5-percent rise in 2012.Kazakh state railway company Kazakhstan Temir Zholy (KTZ) has estimated that cargo transit via its network would reach 35 million metric tons by 2020 and eventually rise to 50 million metric tons.KTZ handles 90-95 percent of all Kazakh transit cargo.(Writing by Dmitry Solovyov; Editing by Douglas Busvine and William Hardy)
Dmitry Solovyov
355
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/07/21/us-barclays-darkpool-volume-idUSKBN0FQ1CA20140721
Barclays' 'dark pool' volumes drop in wake of lawsuit, data shows
Mon Jul 21, 2014 10:36am EDT
  Volume in Barclays Plc's private U.S. trading venue, or "dark pool," fell 79 percent in the week and a half after the New York attorney general accused the British bank of giving an unfair edge to high-speed traders, according to data released on Monday.The number of shares traded in Barclays' LX (BARC.L), an alternative trading system, dropped 66.3 percent in the week of June 30 to around 66.4 million shares from around 197 million shares the previous week, according to a report by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority. The report from FINRA, Wall Street's self-funded regulator, included only the most widely traded securities. The drop followed a 37 percent decline in the week the probe was announced. Dark pools are broker-run trading venues where investors trade shares anonymously and trading data is only made available afterward, reducing the chance of information leaking about large orders. The lack of transparency has drawn the scrutiny of regulators.New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman said on June 25 that he had evidence that Barclays' staff had falsified marketing materials and misled big institutional clients in an effort to expand its dark pool and increase revenues. He accused the British bank of giving an edge to brokers and proprietary trading firms that use aggressive high-frequency trading strategies while telling other clients it was protecting them from such tactics.  Deutsche Bank (DBKGn.DE), Credit Suisse (CSGN.VX), Royal Bank of Canada (RY.TO) and Investment Technology Group (ITG.N)  were among several brokers and banks that said they had stopped routing orders to Barclays' dark pool after the securities fraud lawsuit was filed.    For the week of June 30, Barclays' dark pool was the twelfth-largest in the United States, down from the second-largest two weeks earlier.  Dark pools run by Credit Suisse, UBS UBSN.VX, Bank of America's (BAC.N) Merrill Lynch, Deutsche Bank, Morgan Stanley (MS.N), Goldman Sachs (GS.N), JPMorgan (JPM.N), KCG (KCG.N), Citigroup (C.N), IEX, and ITG had more volume.    In early June, dark pool operator Liquidnet paid $2 million to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission to settle charges that the electronic trading network had improperly used its subscribers' confidential trading information to market its services.  On July 1, Goldman Sachs agreed to pay an $800,000 fine to FINRA to settle a case over pricing rule violations in its dark pool.  (Reporting by John McCrank in New York; Editing by Dan Grebler)
John McCrank in New York
356
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/02/25/us-cybersecurity-europe-idUSKBN0LT2DK20150225
Hackers controlling millions of PCs disrupted in Europol sweep
Wed Feb 25, 2015 3:50pm EST
  AMSTERDAM/BOSTON A cybercrime operation that stole banking information by hacking more than 3 million computers in Indonesia, India and other countries has been disrupted by European police with assistance from three technology companies, officials said on Wednesday.Europol's European Cybercrime Centre coordinated the operation out of its headquarters in The Hague, targeting the so-called Ramnit botnet, a network of computers infected with malware.Working with investigators from Germany, Italy, the Netherlands and Britain, it was assisted by AnubisNetworks, a unit of BitSight Technologies; Microsoft Corp and Symantec Corp in dismantling the server infrastructure used by the criminals, Europol said."The criminals have lost control of the infrastructure they were using," Paul Gillen, head of operations at Europol's cybercrime center, told Reuters.  Authorities simultaneously seized servers in four countries after Microsoft and the Washington-based Financial Services Information Sharing and Analysis Center sought a court order last week in U.S. court through a sealed lawsuit, according to Microsoft.Symantec said on its blog that the two countries with the largest number of infected computers were India - where data shows that 27 percent of infections were uncovered - and Indonesia, with 18 percent. Vietnam, the United States, Bangladesh and the Philippines followed.The malware, installed through links on spam email or infected websites, enabled culprits to take control of the PCs and use them for criminal activities. Symantec described Ramnit as "a fully-featured cybercrime tool," whose features include the ability to spy on web browsing sessions, steal "cookie" credentials used to authenticate visitors to banking sites and scan hard drives in search of sensitive passwords.Vikram Thakur, a Symantec researcher, told Reuters that he did not expect any arrests to be made by authorities who are still searching for the ringleaders. Europol, the European police agency, has been coordinating cross-border efforts to take down criminal infrastructure on the Internet and bring to justice those responsible.In November, U.S. and European authorities seized more than 400 secret website addresses and arrested suspects in an operation targeting black markets for drugs and other illegal services, known as Silk Road 2.0. (Editing by Alison Williams, Richard Valdmanis and G Crosse)
Alison Williams, Richard Valdmanis and G Crosse
357
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/03/28/yemen-security-shaqra-idUSL6N0WU05020150328
Air strikes hit Houthi military column heading to Yemen's Aden city -residents
Sat Mar 28, 2015 3:12am EDT
  ADEN, March 28 Saudi-led air forces attacked a convoy of Houthi armoured vehicles, tanks and military trucks travelling on the coastal road from the Arabian Sea town of Shaqra towards Aden in southern Yemen, residents said.The Iranian-backed Shi'ite Muslim Houthi rebels on Friday opened a new front in their drive to topple Western and Saudi-allied President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi, capturing Shaqra in preparation to march on Aden from the east. Residents said war planes from the Saudi-led coalition struck the convoy early on Saturday on the al-Mukalla-Aden road, hitting a number of vehicles. There was no immediate comment from the Houthis on the strike and no details on any casualties were available. Saudi-led forces began operations against the Houthis on Thursday after its forces closed in on Aden and appeared poised to capture it. The air strikes have bolstered local militias defending the city but had not blunted the offensive completely.   (Reporting by Mohammed Mukhashaf, writing by Sami Aboudi; Editing by David Evans)
Mohammed Mukhashaf, writing by Sami Aboudi
358
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/03/05/us-bitcoin-auction-idUSKBN0M11WJ20150305
U.S. third bitcoin auction spurs more demand with 34 bids
Thu Mar 5, 2015 5:49pm EST
  NEW YORK The U.S. Marshals Service on Thursday held its third auction of bitcoins seized from Ross Ulbricht, convicted of operating black-market website Silk Road, with a sale of 50,000 units attracting higher demand than the previous auction.The government had 14 registered bidders for the 34 bids received, said  Marshals Service spokeswoman Lynzey Donahue. That was higher than the bids received at the last bitcoin auction in December, when just 11 buyers submitted 27 bids.The first auction in June attracted 45 bidders and 63 bids.Donahue expects the auction process to be finished on Monday, at the earliest, when the financial transactions have been completed and the bitcoins transferred to the winning bidders. The winners though are expected to be notified on Friday.The bitcoins on the auction block are valued at $13.9 million at current prices. The six-hour online auction began at 8 a.m. EST (1300 GMT). The 50,000 bitcoins were offered in 20 blocks: 10 blocks of 2,000 bitcoins and 10 blocks of 3,000 bitcoins. The Marshals Service conducted auctions in June and December for nearly 80,000 bitcoins seized during the 2013 raid of Silk Road, a website on which authorities say drugs and other illegal goods could be bought. Ulbricht, 30, was found guilty on Feb. 4 of conspiracies to commit money laundering, computer hacking and drug trafficking.SecondMarket, owned and founded by Barry Silbert, won the bidding for 48,000 bitcoins auctioned in December. Silbert said that SecondMarket would participate in Thursday's  auction, but his firm has not created a syndicate for the sale. Pantera Capital, an investment fund founded by Dan Morehead, a former senior executive at hedge fund Tiger Management, said in its newsletter it is also participating and has formed a syndicate for the auction.Meanwhile, billionaire venture capitalist Tim Draper, winner of the past two auctions, did not submit a bid. But he said in an email that the bitcoins on the auction block are "probably...the best deal anyone will get." Draper won part of the bitcoin auction in December, successfully bidding on one lot, totaling 2,000 bitcoins, on behalf of Draper Associates. He planned to invest 300 bitcoins in every startup that participated in the current session of Boost, a program for bitcoin-related startups founded by his son, Adam Draper.Tim Draper was the sole winner of the first auction of 29,655 bitcoins.In late trading, bitcoin prices were up 2.3 percent at $277. (Reporting by Gertrude Chavez-Dreyfuss; Editing by Jeffrey Benkoe and Andrew Hay)
Gertrude Chavez-Dreyfuss
359
http://www.reuters.com/article/slideshow/idUSBRE91D1EV20130215
360
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/03/30/markets-hongkong-stocks-close-idUSZZN2NF20020150330
Hong Kong shares jump on China's Silk Road initiative, easing hopes
Mon Mar 30, 2015 4:12am EDT
  March 30 Hong Kong's benchmark Hang Seng index  posted its biggest daily gain in more than two months on Monday, as investors bet that more infrastructure spending and policy stimulus will re-energise China's cooling economy.The Hong Kong China Enterprises Index, which tracks Chinese companies listed in Hong Kong in the form of so-called "H shares", surged 3.4 percent, its biggest daily gain this year.Chinese regulators said on Friday it would let mainland mutual funds invest in Hong Kong shares via the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect scheme.Shares rose after Beijing unveiled details of its ambitious "new Silk Road" initiative to improve links from Asia to Europe and Africa, which analysts expect would trigger a wave of investment. Also boosting shares were dovish comments from central bank Governor Zhou Xiaochuan at the weekend that reinforced expectations for further monetary easing. The Hang Seng index rose 1.5 percent, to 24,855.12, while the China Enterprises Index gained 3.4 percent, to 12,306.56 points.The HSI's gain was the biggest since Jan. 21. Among the most actively traded stocks on Hong Kong's main board were SMIC, up 5.6 percent to HK$0.75  Bank Of China, up 3.2 percent to HK$4.46 and China Mining , up 9.7 percent to HK$0.17.Total trading volume of companies included in the HSI index was 2.7 billion shares.    (Writing by Samuel Shen and Pete Sweeney; Editing by Richard Borsuk)
Samuel Shen and Pete Sweeney
361
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/05/29/bbo-whitesox-astros-preview-idUSMTZEB5T3YNFRA20150529
Preview: White Sox at Astros
Fri May 29, 2015 7:02am EDT
  Two top pitching prospects square off when the Houston Astros open a three-game road series against the Chicago White Sox on Friday. Houston's Lance McCullers, a first-round pick in 2012, makes his third major-league start while Chicago's Carlos Rodon - the third overall selection of the 2014 draft - makes his seventh big-league appearance and fourth start.The White Sox made a one-day pit stop in Baltimore on Thursday and split a doubleheader, which was the result of two postponed games in late April due to riots in the city. Chicago has lost eight of its last 11 contests, including two of three in Toronto prior to the twinbill against the Orioles. The American League West-leading Astros, who dropped two of three in Baltimore earlier this week, are opening a seven-game homestand. Houston's Evan Gattis has hit eight of his 10 home runs on the season this month and is 8-for-15 with two blasts, one triple, three doubles and five RBIs over his last four games.TV: 8:10 p.m. ET, CSN Chicago, ROOT (Houston)PITCHING MATCHUP: White Sox LH Carlos Rodon (1-0, 4.03 ERA) vs. Astros RH Lance McCullers (1-0, 2.53) The 22-year-old Rodon defeated Cincinnati in his first start on May 9 but has not received a decision in either of his last two outings. He gave up one run and four hits in six innings against Cleveland on May 20 in his most recent outing. Rodon has experienced control problems, issuing 15 walks over 16 frames in his three turns.McCullers picked up his first career victory on Saturday against Detroit as he gave up two runs and six hits in six innings. The 21-year-old made his major-league debut versus Oakland on May 18, allowing one run and three hits in 4 2/3 frames. McCullers has recorded 11 strikeouts in his first 10 2/3 innings in the majors. WALK-OFFS1. White Sox 1B Jose Abreu has hit only two homers over his last 19 contests. 2. Houston 1B Chris Carter is batting .127 with 34 strikeouts in 79 home at-bats.3. Chicago DH Adam LaRoche is 8-for-15 with a homer and four RBIs over his last four games.PREDICTION: Astros 5, White Sox 4
None
362
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/05/13/volkswagen-april-sales-idUSFWN0Y40BE20150513
VW brand sales down 4.8 percent in April
Wed May 13, 2015 12:45pm EDT
  FRANKFURT May 13 Volkswagen said its passenger car brand sales fell 4.8 percent to 496.100 cars in April and 2.2 percent over the first four months of the year to 1.98 million cars as a drop in Russia and South America outweighed gains in Europe.European sales rose 2.5 percent in January-April while sales in its home market of Germany rose 7.6 percent. Russian sales fell 47 percent and South American sales fell 19.4 percent.  In China, the world's biggest cars market, sales slid 2.4 percent to 899,400 units.     (Reporting by Georgina Prodhan; Editing by Arno Schuetze) 
Georgina Prodhan
363
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/08/20/us-usa-crime-bitcoin-idUSKBN0GJ29I20140820
Accused bitcoin exchanger loses bid to narrow criminal charges
Tue Aug 19, 2014 11:50pm EDT
  NEW YORK A Florida man accused of engaging in a scheme to sell more than $1 million in bitcoins to users of the illicit online marketplace Silk Road on Tuesday lost a bid to narrow his criminal case.Robert Faiella, 54, who prosecutors say was an underground exchanger of bitcoins, had urged a New York federal judge to dismiss one of two counts against him, operating an unlicensed money transmitting business, because bitcoins are not money.But U.S. District Judge Jed Rakoff rejected that argument, saying bitcoins "clearly qualifies as 'money' or 'funds,'" under dictionary definitions, a position supported by legislative history in interpreting the law."Bitcoin can be easily purchased in exchange for ordinary currency, acts as a denominator of value, and is used to conduct financial transactions," Rakoff wrote.The judge also rejected Faiella's arguments that his activities on Silk Road did not constitute "transmitting" money under federal law, saying that in sending customer funds to the website, he transferred the money to others for a profit. A lawyer for Faiella did not immediately respond to a request for comment. A spokeswoman for Manhattan U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara declined comment.Faiella and Shrem, 24, face trial on Sept. 22. Shrem, one of the digital currency's most visible promoters, stepped down as vice chairman of the Bitcoin Foundation, a well-known trade group, soon after his arrest.Federal authorities shut down Silk Road last year, though a new Internet marketplace under the same name debuted in November. Prosecutors contend that Silk Road enabled used to buy and sell illegal drugs and other illicit goods and services. Meanwhile, prosecutors from Bharara's office have charged Ross William Ulbricht with operating the site under the name "Dread Pirate Roberts."He made similar arguments that bitcoin did not constitute money in claiming he was not involved in money laundering. U.S. District Judge Katherine Forrest in Manhattan rejected that contention in July, saying any other reading of the law would "be nonsensical." The case is U.S. v. Faiella, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 14-cr-00243.(The story was refiled to correct Charlie Shrem's former title at Bitcoin Foundation in seventh paragraph) (Reporting by Nate Raymond in New York, editing by G Crosse)
Nate Raymond in New York, editing by G Crosse
365
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/01/20/il-silkroad-idUSnBw205266a%2B100%2BBSW20150120
SilkRoad Launches Next Generation Human Resources Management System
Tue Jan 20, 2015 9:00am EST
    SilkRoad Launches Next Generation Human Resources Management System   Offers Game Changing Technology to the SMB Market for Managing        Workforce Data         SilkRoad, a leading global provider of cloud-based talent        management solutions, announced the release of its next generation        Human Resources Management System (HRMS). SilkRoad HRMS is a new way for        companies to manage their employee data with the added benefit of easily        integrating with payroll, time off, and benefits systems as well as the        rest of the SilkRoad Life Suite of talent management solutions. SilkRoad        HRMS will simplify how organizations manage workforces and report data.        A live web demonstration of the new product will take place on January        29, 1PM CST.             Click here        to tweet this release.             “I am very proud of what the SilkRoad product and development teams have        achieved with this release,” said John Shackleton, President and CEO of        SilkRoad. “SilkRoad HRMS will provide small to medium businesses with a        new secure and powerful tool to manage employee data across multiple        locations and divisions.”       Product Highlights    Save time with a centralized location for record keeping and          managing organizational data across the SilkRoad Life Suite.         Simplify workforce management by importing and exporting key          data for mass uploads and mass updates.         Eliminate guesswork of employee data changes with an audit          trail view.         Provide real time insights of desired data by easily exporting          any filtered information.         Streamline the administration of benefits, time off, and          payroll.         Leverage SilkRoad partners in the Talent App Exchange to          enhance your HRMS and Talent Management system.          Supporting Resources    Register          for the January 29, 1PM CST demo webinar.         See          the slide presentation.          About SilkRoad         SilkRoad is a leading global provider of cloud-based, end-to-end talent        management solutions that enable customers to find, attract, develop,        and retain the best talent. The award-winning SilkRoad Life Suite        includes Talent Acquisition, Talent Development, and HRMS solutions that        are delivered through a tablet-friendly Talent Portal. The suite is easy        to deploy and use – a single platform to rapidly boost employee        engagement and business performance. Visit www.silkroad.com,        follow on Twitter @SilkRoadTweets or call 866-329-3363 (U.S. toll free)        or +1-312-574-3700.       Photos/Multimedia Gallery Available: http://www.businesswire.com/multimedia/home/20150120005266/en/        SilkRoadRyan Rivera, 312.300.4420Ryan.Rivera@silkroad.com      
None
366
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/03/10/bitcoin-auction-idUSL1N0WC21Y20150310
UPDATE 1-Three bidders win last week's bitcoin auction -U.S. Marshals
Tue Mar 10, 2015 5:06pm EDT
  (Adds details of auction, prices)NEW YORK, March 10 (Reuters) - Three unidentified bidders have won last week's third auction of bitcoins seized from Ross Ulbricht, who was convicted last month of operating black-market website Silk Road, the U.S. Marshals Service announced on Tuesday.The winning bidders won three independent blocks, Marshals Service spokeswoman Lynzey Donahue said in an email. The first bidder won 27,000 of the bitcoins, while the other two won 20,000 and 3,000 of the virtual currency.The transfer of the bitcoins has already been completed, she added. There were a total 50,000 bitcoins auctioned off, valued at $14.6 million at current prices.In late trading on Tuesday, bitcoin was up 1.77 percent at $292.19. Donahue did not reveal the identities of the winners. No one has come forward as yet to announce that they won the auction.SecondMarket, owned and founded by Barry Silbert, had said earlier it submitted a bid for the bitcoins, but did not win. Another bidder, Pantera Capital, declined to comment on the virtual currency sale.Last week's auction attracted 34 bids from 14 registered bidders. That was more than the most recent bitcoin auction in December, when just 11 buyers submitted 27 bids.The first auction in June attracted 45 bidders and 63 bids.   (Reporting by Gertrude Chavez-Dreyfuss; editing by Chris Reese and Matthew Lewis)
Gertrude Chavez-Dreyfuss
367
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/12/09/us-bitcoin-auction-winner-idUSKBN0JN20620141209
Bitcoin Trust wins 48,000 bitcoins auctioned by U.S. Marshals
Tue Dec 9, 2014 12:26pm EST
  NEW YORK Bitcoin Investment Trust, an investment fund focused on the digital currency for high net-worth individuals, has won the bidding for 48,000 bitcoins auctioned last Thursday, Brendan O'Connor, managing director of the SecondMarket exchange, said on Tuesday.The U.S. Marshals Service auctioned 50,000 bitcoins last week seized from the alleged owner of Silk Road, an Internet black-market bazaar where authorities say drugs and other illegal goods could be bought.O'Connor said the Bitcoin Trust bid was done in conjunction with the trading division of SecondMarket, an exchange for bitcoins launched by Barry Silbert. He declined to disclose details of the bid or the members of the SecondMarket syndicate.Lynzey Donahue, a Marshals Service spokeswoman, confirmed in an email that the Bitcoin Trust syndicate won the 48,000 bitcoins, adding that the transfer of the funds was completed on Monday. The remaining 2,000 bitcoins went to venture capitalist Tim Draper, the venture capitalist said last Friday in an emailed statement to Reuters. Donahue declined to confirm this.  Draper said he successfully bid on one lot on behalf of Draper Associates. Draper also declined to disclose the price he paid.The move helps fulfill his plan to invest 300 bitcoins in every business that participates in Boost, a program for bitcoin-related startups founded by his son, Adam Draper. Last week's second auction of bitcoins by the U.S. Marshals showed a drastic decline in bidders from the first sale in June. The first auction attracted 45 bidders, with 63 bids, while the December sale showed just 11 buyers and 27 bids, according to the Marshals Service office.Bitcoin on Tuesday was down 2 percent at $352.24. It rose to a high of more than $1,000 in December last year, but  has lost more than 50 percent of its value so far in 2014.  The digital currency's volatility, a consequence of its decentralized nature and its small trading volume, has been a major obstacle to its growth."A lot of people are underwater in their bitcoin positions this year," said George Samman, chief operating officer, at BTC.sx, a bitcoin derivatives trading platform."The bitcoin story is not as hot as it used to be. The whole ecosystem is growing by leaps and bounds and bitcoin is being accepted more widely, but the price keeps going down. To consumers in general, price matters." (Reporting by Gertrude Chavez-Dreyfuss; Additional reporting by Nate Raymond and Sarah McBride in San Francisco; Editing by Christian Plumb)
Gertrude Chavez-Dreyfuss
368
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/05/20/indonesia-worldbank-idUSL3N0YB26S20150520
World Bank aids Indonesia infrastructure plans with $12 bln loan
Wed May 20, 2015 2:48am EDT
  JAKARTA May 20 The World Bank Group on Wednesday offered Indonesia up to $12 billion in new financing to 2019 to support President Joko Widodo's ambitious infrastructure plans, its president said.Jim Yong Kim, World Bank Group president, said around $8 billion would be available for reconstruction and development in Southeast Asia's largest economy, up 25 percent from the previous four years."We plan to deliver one of our largest financial commitments in the world to Indonesia from the Jakarta office," Kim said in a statement released after meeting Widodo, adding that the global lender has formed more than six decades of partnership with Indonesia.The World Bank is not the only one offering President Widodo support to make good on his promises of a massive infrastructure push during his 5-year term.Chinese President Xi Jinping on a visit to Jakarta in April had already expressed his interest to increase China's infrastructure investments to Indonesia. China is offering $40 billion to set up a Silk Road infrastructure fund to boost connectivity across Asia, including to Indonesia.Indonesia has also expressed interest in joining the China-backed $50 billion Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank, which is seen as a rival to the U.S.-dominated World Bank. The Asian Development Bank (ADB) has also offered Indonesia $1.5 billion in loans to help finance delayed infrastructure projects, its president Takehiko Nakao said during his visit to Jakarta in January."As long as our state budget is in deficit, we need to borrow. And for that, we will look for the best (lender) offering low interest rates and lenient requirements," Indonesia's Finance Minister Bambang Brodjonegoro said. Indonesia's government is targeting a budget deficit of 1.9 percent of gross domestic product (GDP) this year, although it sees risks that the deficit could swell to 2.2 percent on weak tax revenue. It wants the 2016 budget deficit to be around 1.8-2.1 percent of GDP.But for Indonesia, the problem with fixing infrastructure may not be about the money. Widodo has budgeted 290 trillion rupiah ($22.03 billion) for infrastructure projects this year, more than a 50 percent increase from the previous year, thanks to a fiscal windfall from eliminating fuel subsidies.Yet, projects have still stalled due to bureaucracy and a revision to the state budget. Up to April, the government had only spent less than 2 percent of its infrastructure fund.($1 = 13,165.0000 rupiah)   (Reporting by Gayatri Suroyo and Hidayat Setiaji; Editing by Jacqueline Wong)
Gayatri Suroyo and Hidayat Setiaji
369
http://www.reuters.com/article/slideshow/idUSTRE58Q0MO20090927
370
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/01/12/us-thailand-protest-idUSBREA0B03C20140112
Thai protesters move to shut down Bangkok to force out PM
Sun Jan 12, 2014 6:45pm EST
  BANGKOK Thailand braced for a "shutdown" of its capital on Monday by protesters who want to topple Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra and install an unelected government, as fears grew that the southeast Asian country could be heading for civil war.Protesters led by former opposition politician Suthep Thaugsuban started blocking major intersections late on Sunday, aiming to create traffic chaos in a city of an estimated 12 million people where roads are clogged at the best of times.The upheaval is the latest chapter in an eight-year conflict pitting Bangkok's middle class and royalist establishment against the mostly poorer, rural supporters of Yingluck and her self-exiled brother, former premier Thaksin Shinawatra.Thaksin was ousted by the military in 2006 and sentenced to jail in absentia for abuse of power in 2008, but he still looms large over Thai politics and is the dominant force behind his sister's administration from his home in Dubai.Eight people, including two police officers, have been killed and scores wounded in violence between protesters, police and government supporters in recent weeks, although there has been no sustained fighting between rival groups. Red-shirted supporters of Thaksin started rallies in several regions on Sunday but steered clear of Bangkok.One person was killed in a shooting overnight near a planned protest site in northern Bangkok. "An unidentified gunman shot a man near a roadblock set up by anti-government protesters. It is unclear at this point if the man was a protester or not," police spokesman Piya Utayo said.Yingluck has called a snap election for February 2, which protest leader Suthep has rejected. "The people cannot negotiate ... there is no win-win situation, there is only win," he said in a speech to demonstrators at Bangkok's Democracy Monument on Sunday.Earlier, however, he said he would stand down his movement if, as some fear, violence escalates into a civil war. "If it becomes a civil war, I will give up. People's life is precious for me," he said, according to the Sunday Nation newspaper.Suthep's stated goal is to eradicate the influence of the Shinawatra family on Thai politics. "Suthep is only a proxy for arch-royalist interests. His role has always been to bring out crowds to create popular legitimacy which might facilitate any judicial or military intervention," said Paul Chambers, director of research at the Institute of South East Asian Affairs in Chiang Mai.Last week, Thailand's anti-corruption body pressed charges against 308 politicians, mostly from Yingluck's Puea Thai Party, for trying to change the constitution by making the Senate a fully elected body.The charges could lead to them being kicked out of parliament if they retake their seats in February.(Editing by Alan Raybould and John Chalmers)
Alan Raybould and John Chalmers
371
http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/11/07/us-usa-crime-silkroad-idUSBRE9A61FU20131107
Two tied to online drug market plead guilty to U.S. drug charges
Thu Nov 7, 2013 6:01pm EST
  WASHINGTON Two men tied to an illegal online drug marketplace pleaded guilty to drug charges, U.S. prosecutors said on Thursday, a day after the alleged mastermind of the website indicated he would plead not guilty.An administrator of the Silk Road website, Curtis Green, pleaded guilty to conspiring to distribute cocaine, and a vendor, Jacob Theodore George IV, pleaded guilty to conspiring to distribute drugs including heroin, said Rod Rosenstein, the U.S. Attorney for the District of Maryland."People who believe they can commit crimes anonymously using the Internet should reconsider," Rosenstein said in a statement.A lawyer for Green declined comment, and a lawyer for George did not immediately respond to a request for comment.The pleas came amid a crackdown by U.S. authorities on the use of virtual currencies for illegal activity. Last month, Ross William Ulbricht, who prosecutors say operated the Silk Road website, was arrested and FBI agents shut the website down. On Wednesday a lawyer for Ulbricht, who remains in custody, said his client would plead not guilty to drug trafficking, hacking and money laundering charges.A new website with the Silk Road name and appearance has opened for business.'FLUSH' AND 'CHRONICPAIN' The Silk Road website, which was used to anonymously buy or sell illegal drugs, also offered guns and assassins for sale, and tutorials on hacking ATM machines, prosecutors said.Green, 47, who is also known as "Flush" and "chronicpain," was responsible for responding to complaints from buyers and sellers on Silk Road, mediating their disputes, and investigating any law enforcement activity on the website, according to prosecutors.Green helped an undercover agent find a buyer for one kilogram (2.2 lbs) of cocaine for around $27,000 in virtual Bitcoin currency, prosecutors said, and acted as a go-between on the deal. An undercover postal inspector delivered the drugs to Green at his home in Utah, officials said.George, a 32-year-old Maryland resident, was the first vendor selling illegal drugs on Silk Road to be arrested, officials said.He pleaded guilty on Wednesday, the government said.Green faces up to 40 years in prison and George faces up to 20 years.(Reporting by Aruna Viswanatha; Editing by Paul Simao)
Aruna Viswanatha
372
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/01/28/us-usa-bitcoin-arrests-idUSBREA0Q15N20140128
Prominent Bitcoin entrepreneur charged with money laundering
Mon Jan 27, 2014 7:31pm EST
  NEW YORK The vice chairman of the Bitcoin Foundation, a trade group promoting the adoption of the digital currency, has been charged by U.S. prosecutors with conspiring to commit money laundering by helping to funnel cash to illicit online drugs bazaar Silk Road.Charlie Shrem, who had financial backing from the Winklevoss twins and is well known as one of the bitcoin's biggest global promoters, was arrested on Sunday at John. F. Kennedy International Airport in New York, the U.S. Attorney's Office in Manhattan said on Monday.Shrem, who was also charged with operating an unlicensed money transmitting business, appeared in U.S. District Court in Manhattan on Monday and was released on $1 million bond."At this point the allegations in the complaint are simply allegations, and Mr. Shrem is presumed innocent," his lawyer Keith Miller said.The 24-year-old entrepreneur, who lives above a bar he jointly owns in Manhattan that accepts bitcoins as payment, was CEO of BitInstant, a bitcoin exchange company that closed last summer. According to prosecutors, Shrem conspired with a Florida resident, Robert Faiella, who ran an illegal exchange, to sell more than $1 million in bitcoins to users of Silk Road, which was shuttered by authorities last year.Faiella, 52, is also charged in the complaint filed in U.S. District Court in Manhattan with conspiring to commit money laundering and operating an unlicensed money transmitting business. He was arrested at his home in Coral Gables, Florida. At his court hearing on Monday in federal court in Florida, Faiella consented to detention until Wednesday, at which point there will be a bail hearing.Shrem could not be reached for comment. A person who answered the phone at Faiella's house and declined to be identified said, "Nobody wants to talk."Bitcoin is a digital currency that is not backed by a government or central bank and whose value fluctuates according to demand by users. Users can transfer bitcoins to each other over the Internet and store the currency in digital "wallets."The criminal complaint says that Shrem, in addition to knowing that Faiella's business was funneling money into Silk Road, also used Silk Road himself to buy drugs, including marijuana-infused brownies."When Bitcoins, like any traditional currency, are laundered and used to fuel criminal activity, law enforcement has no choice but to act," Preet Bharara, the U.S. attorney for Manhattan, said in a statement emailed to the press on Monday. "We will aggressively pursue those who would co-opt new forms of currency for illicit purposes." Bharara has said recently that prosecutors are not going after Bitcoin itself and view it as they view any other currency in which transactions are sometimes made illegally.U.S. law enforcement officials have vowed to pursue any criminal activity in the nascent Bitcoin world as regulators try to formulate their approach to the digital currency.The charging of a prominent Bitcoin Foundation official may be a blow to Bitcoin's prospects, though it did not have a huge immediate impact on trading. Bitcoins were exchanging hands at $970 late on Monday, down from prices above $1,000 earlier this month but up from around $150 four months ago on the Tokyo-based exchange MtGox.Winklevoss Capital, which is run by twin brothers Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss, invested in BitInstant in 2012 and led a capital-raising effort last May that raised $1.5 million. The twins, who are best known for their failed lawsuit against Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg in which they had claimed he had stolen their idea for an online social networking platform at Harvard, have been seeking regulatory approval for a bitcoin exchange-traded fund."When we invested in BitInstant in the fall of 2012, its management made a commitment to us that they would abide by all applicable laws - including money laundering laws - and we expected nothing less," the Winkelvoss twins said in a statement. "Although BitInstant is not named in today's indictment of Charlie Shrem, we are obviously deeply concerned about his arrest," they said. "We were passive investors in BitInstant and will do everything we can to help law enforcement officials." As part of the conditions of his bail, Shrem will be confined to his parents' home in the Marine Park section of Brooklyn. A report prepared by the court for his bail hearing listed his net worth at $6 million, according to U.S. Magistrate Judge Henry Pitman. Serrin Turner, an assistant U.S. attorney, opposed bail, saying Shrem had a "strong incentive to flee" and the means to do so.Bitcoin insiders said Shrem's arrest showed just how hard it is to get away with illegal activity using Bitcoin, which has an ownership chain built into its software so that each unit can be tied to the users who have acquired or spent it."Using bitcoin for illicit transactions is really, really dumb," said Patrick Murck, the Bitcoin Foundation's general counsel. "Bitcoins are so easy to track.""THE ART OF HIDING"According to the charges, Faiella, going by "BTCKing" online, sold bitcoins to Silk Road users and passed on purchase orders he received from the site to Shrem, who filled them, transferring funds to Faiella's account at an unidentified bitcoin exchange service based in Japan. The charging document says that Shrem failed to report suspicious activity to regulators "with respect to numerous Bitcoin purchases" Faiella made from BitInstant.The document contains email conversations between Shrem and BitInstant's co-founder, who is not identified in the charges but is listed on BitInstant's website as Gareth Nelson, in which Shrem tried to hide his dealings with Faiella by pretending to ban him from BitInstant's exchange platform."You are hereby banned from our services," he wrote in an email to BTCKing that he copied to Nelson.According to the complaint, Shrem then privately wrote to BTCKing, without including Nelson. "Your email address is banned," Shrem wrote, "but you can use a different one."Bitcoins have been gaining wider acceptance recently. The Sacramento Kings basketball team earlier this month became the first professional sports franchise to say it would allow purchases using bitcoins. Last month, ecommerce site Overstock.com announced its plan to become the first major U.S. retailer to accept the digital currency.Created in 2009 by a developer or team of developers going by the name Satoshi Nakamoto, whose true identity remains unknown, the bitcoin's earliest adopters have included people expressing a desire to conduct their affairs in a realm outside of government-sanctioned commercial spaces.Some of that sentiment is visible in the charges against Shrem and Faiella. In one online interaction, Shrem tried to assure Faiella he was being discreet."The art of hiding is making people think you are someone else," he wrote. Faiella replied: "You must understand that the people that we pay taxes to have a long reach and I like to stay away from that."(Reporting by Emily Flitter in New York; Additional reporting by Nate Raymond in New York and Brett Wolf in St. Louis; Editing by Leslie Adler)
Emily Flitter in New York
373
http://www.reuters.com/article/2011/10/22/us-tajikistan-usa-idUSTRE79L0QR20111022
Clinton warns Central Asian leaders on radical Islam
Sat Oct 22, 2011 1:42pm EDT
  TASHKENT U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton warned Tajikistan and Uzbekistan on Saturday that efforts to crack down on religious freedom might backfire.She said this could lead to increased sympathy for radical views in Central Asia, a region the United States sees as key to the future stability of Afghanistan.Clinton met Tajik President Imomali Rakhmon and Uzbek President Islam Karimov to thank the two Central Asian states for their cooperation in the U.S.-led war in neighboring Afghanistan.She stressed to both that freedom of religious expression was tied to the region's future security, U.S. officials said."I disagree with restrictions on religious freedom and shared those concerns," Clinton told a news conference after meeting Rakhmon in Dushanbe on the last full day of her latest overseas trip.She said efforts to regulate religion "could push legitimate religious expression underground, and that could build up a lot of unrest and discontent."Clinton's visit to the two former Soviet republics came after a trip to Afghanistan and Pakistan that was focused on U.S. efforts to find a political solution to the decade-long Afghan conflict.She also promoted greater regional economic integration under a plan U.S. officials have dubbed "the New Silk Road." Karimov and Rakhmon have moved to limit religious freedom in their countries which remain under authoritarian rule two decades after the break-up of the Soviet Union.Tajikistan, a mainly Muslim country of 7.5 million people, introduced laws in August to ban youths from praying in mosques, churches and other religious sites, a move that was criticized by religious leaders.Rakhmon, in power since 1992, has said tough measures are needed to stop the spread of religious fundamentalism in an impoverished country that shares a porous 1,340-km (840-mile) border with Afghanistan."You have to look at the consequences," Clinton said in Tajikistan."We would hope there would be a rethinking of any restrictions going forward, because we think it will increase sympathy for extremist views which would in turn threaten the stability and security of the country." Rakhmon's Moscow-backed secular government clashed with the Islamist opposition during a 1992-97 civil war, in which tens of thousands were killed.The president has ignored previous requests from the West to respect freedom of conscience. He has ordered students home from religious schools abroad and clamped down on a growing trend for Islamic dress.U.S. officials said Clinton also raised the issue with Uzbekistan's Karimov -- widely seen as one of the most repressive leaders in the region -- as one of a number of human rights concerns that also include press freedom, human trafficking and political reforms.Karimov, who has said he intends to make reforms, repeated these pledges to Clinton, one U.S. official said. "He said that he wants to leave a legacy for both his kids and his grandchildren," the official said. "The secretary welcomed that, and said that would help to build a long-term foundation for Uzbekistan but also for our cooperation."AFGHAN SUPPLIESU.S. officials said Clinton's Central Asian trip, her second to the region in less than 12 months, was aimed in a large part at thanking Tajikistan and Uzbekistan for their assistance with the Afghan conflict.They said she also wanted to broaden a relationship giving the United States a important "back door" into Afghanistan and an alternative supply route that could prove vital if U.S. ties with its main ally in the region, Pakistan, unravel.Tajikistan and Uzbekistan are part of what Washington calls the Northern Distribution Network (NDN), a supply line for U.S.-led forces fighting the Taliban that also stretches through Russia, Latvia, Georgia, Azerbaijan and Kazakhstan.The NDN is increasingly important as U.S. ties with Pakistan come under strain over Washington's charges that elements of the Pakistani government have links to Islamist militants blamed for attacks on U.S. forces in Afghanistan.The United States is aiming to reduce the proportion of its surface cargo that it brings through Pakistan to only a quarter by increasing its supplies through the northern route; in July it was still well over half.(Writing by Andrew Quinn and Robin Paxton; Editing by Michael Roddy)
Andrew Quinn and Robin Paxton
374
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/05/29/bbo-indians-playerwatch-idUSMTZEB5T4F9PRO20150529
Cleveland Indians - PlayerWatch
Fri May 29, 2015 1:01pm EDT
  RHP Corey Kluber added 13 more strikeouts to his impressive total Thursday night, giving him 50 over his past four starts. In the process Kluber earned the win to give him a 3-0 record this month and a mark of 3-5 on the season. But he also gave up two home runs Thursday, marking the first time this season that has happened to Kluber in a game.2B Jason Kipnis continued his torrid pace with two more hits Thursday night in Seattle. This month, Kipnis is hitting .449 (48-for-107) with 27 RBIs. He extended his hitting streak to eight games while driving in a pair of runs in the 5-3 victory.OF Jerry Sands was called up from Triple-A Columbus on Thursday, returning to the team after hitting .257 over 21 games earlier this season. Sands was outrighted to the minors earlier this month but was able to be re-signed to the 40-man roster because C Brett Hayes was designated for assignment over the weekend. RHP Trevor Bauer has a streak of three consecutive starts in which he has allowed just one run. In all three outings, he has pitched into the eighth inning. Bauer is scheduled to be on the mound Friday night when the Indians play in Seattle. INF Carlos Santana went on the paternity list Thursday. Santana is expected back before the end of the current road trip, but his actual return date is still undecided. RHP Austin Adams was recalled from Triple-A Thursday to take the roster spot that opened up when RHP Scott Atchison went on the DL. Adams has made two previous stints in the Cleveland bullpen this season, allowing one earned run in four innings.RHP Scott Atchison was placed on the 15-day disabled list Thursday with a sprained left ankle. Atchison has been pitching through a sore ankle for the good part of a month, having turned it in a practice drill. He was 1-1 with a 5.74 ERA in 19 appearances out of the bullpen.
None
375
http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/12/27/us-travel-silkroad-idUSBRE9BQ00520131227
Trip Tips: Perception versus reality on the reconstructed Silk Road
Thu Dec 26, 2013 7:22pm EST
  SAMARKAND I had a smile on my face as I strode across the tarmac of Samarkand airport, for I had arrived at last in the city I had toiled for four years to recreate as a novelist.My expectations of seeing everything I had researched about one of the oldest inhabited cities in the world - it was founded in 700 B.C. by the greatest traders of the old Silk Road, the Sogdians - could hardly have been higher.Samarkand was once one of the greatest cities of Central Asia, the "Rome of the East". I was travelling in the footsteps of Alexander the Great, Genghis Khan, Marco Polo and Tamerlane. Now the second city of Uzbekistan after its capital, Tashkent, the mantle of history lies heavy on Samarkand.I was making this trip in the height of comfort and convenience, travelling by private jet and chartered train as guest lecturer with a luxury tour company.Of all the cities of the Silk Road, Samarkand is without doubt the most evocative. To 19th century orientalists such as James Elroy Flecker, who wrote "The Golden Road to Samarkand", it was the home of all the romance and poetry in the East.For 2,500 years Samarkand maintained its position as the richest and most populous metropolis on the Central Asian section of the Silk Road - the series of routes on which goods, people, philosophies and culture flowed back and forth from China to the Mediterranean and all points in between.I was attracted to Samarkand as the primary location for my novel, especially when I learned that an equally legendary and despotic ruler made it his capital city in medieval times.Timur the Lame - better known to us in the West as Tamerlane or Tamburlaine the Great, constructed at a furious pace all the beautiful mosques, madrasas (Islamic religious schools), gardens and squares of this amazing city.But to the astonishment of me and my fellow passengers, it is nothing like the Silk Road city we expected - no winding alleyways, romantic ruins or local markets selling silks, spices and foodstuffs of every variety.The markets exist but are now in clean, modern, open-air retail spaces that would not be out of place in Europe.Samarkand and Bukhara, about 250 km (155 miles) to the west, are impressively modern and clean, with wide boulevards and obvious signs of Soviet style. The mosques, madrasas, mausoleums and temples have all been restored to perfection.If this reconstruction had not been done, these historic buildings would have disappeared by now, given the advanced state of dilapidation most were in by the turn of the last century.In this sense, the purists' howls of protest against what they regard as over-enthusiastic renovation is missing the point. These buildings would not be here otherwise.HARDWIRED INTO HISTORYUzbekistan has shed its 70 years of Soviet rule very quickly since independence in 1991, reasserting its own identity and adopting Timur as its national hero.The emancipation of women is another astonishing legacy of the Soviet era and all the more surprising to witness it in an Asian and predominantly Muslim country.Shopping in these places, there is the inevitable haggling and determination by the merchants not to let you go. We took this in the spirit of the Silk Road as the tradition of buying, selling, bartering, exchanging and haggling is hardwired into the history of these great cities of ancient times. The main plaza in Samarkand is Registan Square and it is big - about the size of two football fields, with imposing madrasa entry arches flanking three sides. It has all been restored from the dilapidated ruins of a century ago.While the quality of the restoration work is variable, as a rule the Soviet-era renovation is meticulously well done. For example, Timur's mausoleum has been lovingly returned to its former grandeur in all its intricate detail.The tomb itself is marked by a two-meter (six-foot) block of black jade, the biggest in the world then and now. Legend has it that Timur's howls of rage - at being, finally, dead and buried - could be heard for weeks after his internment.The tour pushed on to Bukhara, at the crossroads of the Silk Road's east-west and north-south trade routes. By 500 B.C. it was already an important centre.Defended by 13 km (8 miles) of ramparts and gates as part of a formidable citadel, much of it has been restored as part of its 2,500th anniversary celebration in 1997. It was the last city to fall to the Bolsheviks when the Emir of Bukhara, the last of his line, fled to Afghanistan in 1920.There are now more than 140 restored and protected buildings in Bukhara, including a reconstruction - to 30 percent of its former size - of the Ark, a fortified palace dating to the 5th century.The main entrance gates have been fully restored along with the surrounding citadel walls, making it a very impressive representation of an ancient Silk Road town - and quite unlike Samarkand. The first sight of the Ark is breathtaking, especially when you realize you are not looking at a film set.UZBEK FOOD: DIVERSE & DELICIOUS When you're travelling in this part of the world, take the time to savor Uzbek cuisine. It is one of the most diverse in Central Asia and even the names of the most popular national dishes make the mouth water: plov, manti, shurpa, shashlik, lagman, samsa. They smell divine too.Most of the classic Uzbek dishes have a culinary history going back centuries. Mix in some Turkic, Kazakh, Uighur, Tajik, Tatar and Mongolian influences and you end up with a diversity that is astonishing.This diversity is reflected in a typical Uzbeki meal of many different courses. Be warned!At the beginning the table is laden with sweetmeats and fruit, followed by vegetables and salads. Then it is the turn of soups - savory shurpa and thick mastava, to name just two.If you're full already, you've badly miscalculated as now come the main dishes - manti, lagman, shashlik and plov.Plov was my favourite. A hearty one-pot rice dish cooked with lamb, onions, raisins and carrots, it has a delightfully sweet background taste.Any good restaurant in Samarkand or Bukhara should do it well but make sure you try the Caravan Restaurant in M. Ikbol Street 12 in Bukhara, an open-yard and traditional eatery that serves a wondrously tasty plov.THE RECONSTRUCTION GENIEAlong with the extensive restoration in Silk Road cities such as Samarkand and Bukhara, there is evidence of creeping "tourist-isation" with signs in multiple languages for Silk Road tearooms and the like. But this does not mean they are simply museum pieces.Traditional skills and local crafts are very much alive, as I witnessed wandering into a carpet shop to watch the weaving by a row of women crouching on the floor at their looms.From Bukhara we went to Khiva (pronounced "Heeva"), which was another important east-west crossroads city. Like Bukhara's Ark citadel, Khiva has also been renovated to the point of reconstruction.The effect is that it looks almost too good to be true - almost. The city walls tower formidably and you enter the "old town" through a massive pair of fortified gates, just as you would have done in Khiva's ancient heyday.But this is no film set. People actually live and work in the old fortified town. As we went to look at the harem living quarters - occupied right up until the last emir fled in 1920 - the thunderous hammer blows from a blacksmith's shop rang out.That added an authentic working feeling to the usual hubbub of hawkers and shopkeepers enticing us to look at, feel or try on their assortment of beautiful fur hats, multicolored silks and rugs.Khiva was the last of our Silk Road destinations.In just nine days we had seen a significant section of the western Chinese end and Central Asian part of the Silk Road, starting at Kashgar.From Kashgar we went to Samarkand, a distance of 775 km (480 miles). Samarkand to Bukhara is a short hop by plane and the journey from Bukhara to Khiva is about 385 km (240 miles).The total distance was 1,375 km (855 miles) but travelling by plane meant the sense of wonder at visiting these iconic destinations was tempered by getting very little idea of the distances involved.What we had covered in just nine days would have taken the ancient Silk Road traveler eight to 10 weeks at a good "caravan pace" of 24 km (15 miles) per day.Can the reconstruction genie ever be returned to its bottle to conjure up the Silk Road of Flecker's imagination?"And softly through the silence beat the bells/Along the golden road to Samarkand," he wrote.Samarkand as the home of all the romance and poetry in the East lives on. But perhaps all the time it really was just in our imaginations.(The author is a Reuters contributor. His novel "Dragon Horse", set on the ancient Silk Road, was published in 2008.)(Editing by John O'Callaghan)
John O'Callaghan
376
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/05/06/us-usa-michigan-roads-iduskbn0nr0gn20150506
Michigan voters reject $1.9 billion road repair measure
Wed May 6, 2015 2:47am EDT
  DETROIT Michigan voters Tuesday rejected a ballot proposal to hike the state sales tax to pay for fixing the state's crumbling roads and bridges.The final vote reported by the Michigan Secretary of State's office was 80 percent opposed, and 20 percent in favor. Polls taken ahead of the vote had indicated the measure was headed for defeat.  The complex $1.9 billion measure included proposals to amend the state constitution to increase the state sales tax to 7 percent from six percent, raise motor vehicle fuel taxes and peg them to inflation, send more money to schools and enhance an earned income tax credit that benefits lower income residents.Michigan's Republican Gov. Rick Snyder campaigned for the plan, saying it would raise an additional $1.3 billion to fix the state's highways and bridges, many of them in poor condition after years of harsh weather, heavy truck traffic and funding cuts. The plague of potholes in the state that's home to auto giants General Motors Co and Ford Motor Co has become a searing political headache for Michigan elected officials. Opponents of the proposal criticized the ballot measure as an unnecessary tax increase for residents still recovering from the last recession. The measure's complexity became a target for its opponents, who said more than 30 percent of the money from the so-called road package would go to other purposes than roads.  (Reporting By Joe White; Editing by Christian Plumb)
Joe White
377
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/01/30/us-usa-environment-compost-idUSKBN0L21DD20150130
Road-kill deer get mulched as U.S. states turn to composting
Thu Jan 29, 2015 8:30pm EST
  WINDSOR, Va. For years, Jimmy White woke up worrying about road-kill.An official with the Virginia highway system, White's responsibilities included ensuring that thousands of deer and other animals hit by cars were collected, a process that cost the state some $4.1 million per year.But roadside burial is increasingly not an option because of underground cables, pipes and other infrastructure near highways, while landfills charge fees and a decline in the U.S. rendering industry has removed another disposal outlet. Dragging the carcasses into nearby bushes or dropping them into pits can pollute groundwater, said Jean Bonhotal, director of the Waste Management Institute at New York's Cornell University.Today, White rests easier thanks to a new facility in the southeastern Virginia town of Windsor that takes some of the 10,000 to 15,000 animals, mostly whitetail deer, killed by cars each year, piles them under sawdust and turns the remains into landscaping material for roadsides."We're on the leading edge for this kind of composting,"  White, project manager for the Virginia Department of Transportation, said in an interview at the state's newest mass composting site, 45 miles (72 km) west of the tourist town of Virginia Beach.Standing amid the four concrete bins and piles of sawdust at a highway yard that will be the last stop for thousands of Virginia deer, White described the composting process as "really clean and pretty much a natural thing to do."Virginia, the No. 5 U.S. state for deer-vehicle collisions, is among the few states where composting is a new tool for highway officials faced with cleaning up after deer-vehicle collisions while also reducing the load on landfills.Particularly in the eastern United States, highway officials have faced a growing problem in managing road-kill in recent decades. Populations of whitetail deer have rebounded from a low of a few hundred thousand little more than a century ago to about 15 million today, according to the National Wildlife Federation figures. State Farm, the biggest U.S. auto insurer, says there were 1.2 million deer-related crashes in the 12 months ending in mid-2013, with the average property damage $3,414.COSTLY CARCASSESVirginia had been spending some $4.1 million a year to dispose of road-kill carcasses, with much of the cost going for landfill fees, according to the state Transportation Department.Its new $140,000 system began operating at the highway yard in southeastern Virginia at the start of December. The program was developed by North Carolina's Advanced Composting Technologies for farm carcasses and tailored for Virginia. The system calls for laying carcasses on a bed of sawdust inside a bin. Workers cover the deer with another layer of sawdust, and they generate heat as microbes break them down, sped by a forced-air system.Microbe-rich liquid is drained off and funneled into a tank, to be sprayed onto the pile twice weekly. That helps raise its internal temperature to more than 150 degrees Fahrenheit (66 Celsius).Within two months, nothing remains of the deer but some bones scattered in a rich brown compost, White said. WHIFF OF AMMONIAThe weeks of heat kill almost all the pathogens, or disease-causing agents. Even with about 120 deer rapidly decaying at the site, there was no odor beyond that of humus and a whiff of ammonia."Environmentally, it's the best way to dispose of the animals," said Cornell's Bonhotal. She said only a few states were composting road-kill, including New Jersey and New York along its state-run Thruway. Western states have avoided composting out of fear of spreading chronic wasting disease, the deer equivalent of mad cow disease and most commonly found in western mountains, Bonhotal said.A survey of 23 states by the American Association of State Highway and Traffic Officials found that four compost road-kill,  though mostly in scattered sites. Composting is also encouraged by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency.With composting, "a 1,200-pound (540-kg) cow will disappear in three months, except for bones," Bonhotal said. (Reporting by Ian Simpson; Editing by Scott Malone and Dan Grebler)
Ian Simpson
378
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/05/05/hkn-rangers-capitals-writethru-idUSMTZEB55UUJ64J20150505
Capitals, Holtby shut out Rangers
Tue May 5, 2015 12:00am EDT
  Capitals, Holtby shut out RangersWASHINGTON -- Exactly two years after recording the first playoff shutout of his career against the New York Rangers, Washington Capitals goaltender Braden Holtby did it again, proving he is a pretty sure bet after losing the game before.Holtby turned aside all 30 shots he faced, including a late barrage with Rangers goalie Henrik Lundqvist pulled for an extra attacker, to lead the Capitals to a 1-0 victory on Monday and a 2-1 lead in the Eastern Conference semifinals.Capitals center Jay Beagle scored the game's only goal with 7:31 gone in the second period to provide the difference.Game 4 will take place Wednesday night at the Verizon Center in Washington.With the win, Holtby improved his playoff record to 8-3 following games he has lost. He has allowed two or fewer goals in each of those nine wins. His biggest save on Monday came on a breakaway by Rangers right winger Martin St. Louis with 6:35 remaining in the second period."There were a couple chaotic shifts, but I thought Holtsy, obviously, he was our best player," Capitals defenseman Brooks Orpik said. "He pretty much held everything down for us." Lundqvist stopped 21 of 22 shots for the Rangers, who have had each of their last 10 playoff games decided by one goal.Beagle's goal, his first of the 2015 playoffs, came on a fluky play. After shooting wide left of the net, Beagle hunted down the puck, swung around the back of the net and saw his centering pass carom off the back of Lundqvist's left skate and into the goal for his third career playoff goal."My goals are never how I draw them up," Beagle said with a laugh. "It's always just grinding it out and trying to create havoc in front and good things usually happen. Last series I got robbed a couple times, so it was nice to be rewarded." It was also the first playoff goal for the Capitals' third line of right winger Troy Brouwer, rookie left winger Andre Burakovsky and Beagle. Brouwer and Burakovsky earned assists on the play.The Rangers staged a furious assault on Holtby in the third period with nine shots on goal and at least a half dozen more blocked by the Capitals. But Holtby calmly withstood the flurry and emerged with the 15th playoff victory of his career."It was a little crazy," Holtby said. "But I thought we did a great job of controlling our game plan and taking (two) icings when we didn't have plays. The guys played really good in front of me." "It's a loss, that's what hurts right now," Rangers goaltender Henrik Lundqvist said. "It's disappointing. They're a good team, they battle hard and they rely on skill when they have to."Even though they were outshot 11-7, the Capitals dominated much of the opening period. But they failed on a pair of power plays, and the two teams entered the first intermission scoreless. Lundqvist had to be the best player on the ice for the Rangers and he was, stopping Washington left winger Marcus Johansson on a breakaway 6:10 into the game, then stopping Capitals left winger Alex Ovechkin with a shoulder save from about 20 feet on an uncontested power-play shot.Lundqvist also had a little luck on his side on the Capitals' second power play of the period when right winger Joel Ward swatted an Ovechkin rebound wide of the net.That luck turned in the second period when Beagle banked one off his skate for what proved to be the game-winner."Obviously, we're disappointed we didn't get a better result," Rangers coach Alain Vigneault said. "We thought our overall game, other than faceoffs (which the Capitals won by a 40-18 margin) was real good. But we need to give credit where credit is due."NOTES: Capitals D Tim Gleason played in Game 3 despite an undisclosed injury. With Gleason's playing status in doubt the Capitals recalled D Nate Schmidt from the Hershey Bears of the American Hockey League. Schmidt is expected to return to the Bears for Game 1 of their second-round playoff series against the Hartford Wolf Pack on Wednesday. ... Rangers RW J.T. Miller and Capitals RW Tom Wilson were junior teammates with the Plymouth Whalers of the Ontario Hockey League in 2011-12. ... The Rangers entered the game having won 30 of their last 43 road games, including each of their two road games in the playoffs. They had also won Game 3 on the road 11 consecutive times, dating back to 1992. ... Capitals C Jay Beagle entered the game as the playoff leader in faceoff winning percentage at 65.7 percent. ... The two teams will meet again at Verizon Center in Game 4 on Wednesday night.
None
379
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/02/05/kazakhstan-cbank-idUSL5N0LA4N820140205
UPDATE 1-Kazakh central banker sees many emerging market devaluations in 2014
Wed Feb 5, 2014 6:43pm EST
  By Tom MilesGENEVA Feb 5 (Reuters) - Kazakhstan's central bank governor Kairat Kelimbetov expects to see a lot of emerging market currency devaluations this year, with the Russian rouble likely to be "close to collapse again," he said in Geneva on Wednesday."I think it's kind of a beginning," he said of a recent emerging markets sell-off. "It's not only a Russian economy problem but a problem for all the emerging markets and I think we will see a lot of devaluation this year. And the situation with the rouble will be, let's say, close to collapse again."For Kazakhstan, the two big potential shocks were the oil price and the sharp change in the rouble, but he said Kazakhstan had opportunities to adjust its exchange rate and would do so if necessary.Addressing an audience of academics and diplomats at Geneva's Graduate Institute, Kelimbetov said Kazakhstan had had to devalue its currency several times in the past because of oil price declines, but it suffered many speculative attacks as people tried to anticipate the next big move.Its current "managed float" exchange rate regime enabled it to cope with interest rate shocks and to avoid speculative attack, but Kelimbetov said the central bank was studying a move to an "inflation-targeting" system, and said Britain's Bank of England was one model being considered. Transition to inflation targeting would take three to five years, said Kelimbetov, who plans to meet international bank regulators in Basel on Thursday.He said his biggest challenge was getting the Central Asian country's banks to write off their non-performing loans, which he said were the highest in the world at 35 percent of assets, as well as the need to improve risk management.Oil rich Kazakhstan is salting energy profits away in a sovereign wealth fund, which Kelimbetov said had saved more than $100 billion and hoped to reach $200 billion in the next 10 years. The country plans to increase the oil sector's focus on China, partly by developing oil refining and petrochemicals in the city of Atyrau, which Kelimbetov said had good railway links and would be commercially viable."Without recovering the new 'silk road' it will be very difficult to compete in the future," he said, adding that oil exports to China were now more promising than the delayed Kashagan pipeline project.Kashagan, the world's biggest oil find in decades and the most expensive standalone oil project, took an estimated $50 billion and 13 years to start output last September, but was shut down in October due to pipeline leaks. Kelimbetov said the oil would soon be flowing."The members of the consortium promised to the government that this year we will start commercial production," he told Reuters. He said the project would not be nationalised but he declined to say what would happen if the delays continued."We understand that we have to do it together. We strongly believe that we will fix it this year," he said.Asked about transparency in the oil sector, he said Kazakhstan was very open to show all its oil revenues, but sometimes western companies operating in the country were not ready to open up their accounts to scrutiny.Kazakhstan also plans to turn the port of Aktau into an oil services hub along the lines of Stavanger in Norway or Aberdeen in Scotland, and has begun signing joint ventures with large foreign companies to ensure there would be technology transfer and skills would remain in Kazakhstan even after the oil had gone."The whole idea is not only to produce oil and sell it and get the taxes but to get the real skills for the people of Kazakhstan," Kelimbetov said.
None
380
http://www.reuters.com/article/2011/12/19/us-saab-filing-idUSTRE7BI0K420111219
Saab heads for scrapyard as long rescue quest fails
Mon Dec 19, 2011 5:23pm EST
  TROLLHATTAN, Sweden Car maker Saab ran out of room for maneuver Monday when its Dutch owner filed for bankruptcy, calling time on a nine-month battle to rescue the struggling Swedish marque.Saab's cash problems began in March this year, after 2010 sales fell short of target. It has not made any vehicles since April.The end of the road for Saab, which has been making cars for more than 60 years, came at the weekend when General Motors again vetoed a plan involving Chinese investor Zhejiang Youngman Lotus Automobile.GM, Saab's former owner, still licences key technology to it and has a small shareholding.Saab owner Swedish Automobile said that after GM had informed Youngman it would not approve the plan, the Chinese company told Saab "the funding to continue and complete the reorganization ... could not be concluded.""The board of Saab Automobile subsequently decided that the company, without further funding, will be insolvent and that filing bankruptcy is in the best interests of its creditors."Swedish Automobile shares, which had been suspended, plungedwhen trade resumed Monday. By 8:06 a.m. EST, the shares were down 71 percent at 6 euro cents.Swedish Automobile said in the statement that it expected the court would approve the filing and appoint receivers soon.At the company's factory in the western town of Trollhattan, emotions among some of the workers ran high, even though they have been preparing themselves for the worst.The company employs about 3,500 people, though officials have said many more would be affected by a closure, including suppliers. "I feel emptiness and frustration," Fredrik Amlqvist, a car builder for almost 17 years, told reporters."I looked out at my two Saabs in the yard this morning. I had tears in my eyes, I have to admit."Long-time Saab employee Stefan Karlsson said he feared for the future of the whole region where the company is based."We have had a long time to prepare ourselves for this, but when it happens it still hits you," he said."I know there will be much unemployment. Then there's other issues, like exclusion and segregation. It will be a fight for jobs. It will have a massive impact." GENERAL MOTORSSaab presented its first prototype in 1947 after moving out of aeronautical engineering and built a small, loyal following.A separate Saab defense and security company still exists.General Motors bought 50 percent of the car company in 1990 and the rest in 2000.It decided to sell the brand in 2009 after the financial crisis and came close to closing it before Swedish Automobile, then called Spyker Cars, bought Saab in January 2010.When cash problems surfaced in March, production was halted. Saab briefly restarted output, but mounting debts to suppliers forced a stoppage in April, since when the plant has been idle. Swedish Automobile Chief Executive Victor Muller stitched together a series of deals to rescue Saab, but General Motors said it could not accept an option involving Youngman.GM, which operates in China in a partnership with state-run SAIC Motor Corp Ltd, said in November continuing to supply parts and technology to Saab's new owners would run counter to the interest of its own shareholders.Despite its well-known name, Saab was a niche player and analysts had questioned its future even if Muller had kept the company afloat.It has the capacity to produce more than 100,000 cars a year running on two shifts.Swedish rival Volvo, successfully rescued by China's Geely Automobile Holdings Ltd in 2010, made almost four times that last year and plans to sell 50,000 cars in China alone this year.Muller's efforts to keep Saab afloat had focused initially on getting Russian businessman Vladimir Antonov to invest, but his role was vetoed by the European Investment Bank (EIB), which has lent money to Saab.Antonov was subsequently indicted by Lithuania for fraud and is fighting extradition from Britain.Muller later turned to Chinese investment and first lined up Hawtai Motor Group in May, but that fell through. He then agreed the failed deal with Chinese car distributor Pang Da and Youngman.Muller, 52, is a former mergers and acquisitions lawyer who made his fortune from Dutch fashion brand McGregor before revamping loss-making luxury sports car maker Spyker, which he jointly owned with Antonov.(Reporting by Patrick Lannin and Veronika Ek; Editing by Erica Billingham and David Hulmes)
Patrick Lannin and Veronika Ek
381
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/01/13/markets-hongkong-china-stocks-midday-idUSL3N0US1WN20150113
China shares rise, aided by views a Shenzhen stock connect coming
Tue Jan 13, 2015 12:12am EST
  * CSI300 +0.3 pct, SSEC +0.3 pct* HSI +0.5 pct, HSCE +0.5 pctBy Sue-Lin WongSHANGHAI, Jan 13 (Reuters) - China stocks edged up slightly at midday Tuesday, buoyed by small caps including information technology stocks.The CSI300 index rose 0.3 percent, to 3,523.85 points at the end of the morning. The Shanghai Composite Index  also gained 0.3 percent, to 3,237.83 points.In Hong Kong, the Hang Seng index added 0.5 percent, to 24,154.94 points. The Hong Kong China Enterprises Index  rose by the same percentage, to 12,073.56.ChiNext, China's small cap growth index, rose 1.14 percent and the Shenzhen A Share Index, known for its small cap and technology shares, was up at 0.93 percent.Better-than-expected December trade data did not have an impact on share movements. Analysts said the ChiNext and Shenzhen indexes outperformed because of the anticipated launch soon of a Shenzhen Stock Connect, which would give offshore investors access to Shenzhen shares.Prior to the launch of the Shanghai Stock Connect in late 2014, investors purchased blue-chip shares, helping fuel a rally in China markets.Prior to Tuesday, the main China indexes fell for three straight sessions."Overall the market is performing quite well," said Zhang Qi, an analyst at Haitong Securities. He added that he sees the recent declines as "just a dip in an ongoing rise over a longer period" though an adjustment period may continue for a while.Baiyunshan Pharmaceutical Holding Co. leapt to a 10-month high and hit its 10 percent limit after the drugmaker announced it would raise 10 billion yuan ($1.61 billion) from private investors.The government regulator approved China's "New Silk Road" project, according to local media reports. Jiangsu Lianyungang Port Co rose 4.26 percent, Xinjiang Youhao Group  was up 7.04 percent and Shandong Hi-Road  jumped 9.91 percent.Blue-chip sub-indexes were down at midday. The financial sub-index fell 0.53 percent and the bank sub-index lost 0.2 percent. The index measuring price differences between dual-listed companies in Shanghai and Hong Kong stood at 127.19.A value above 100 indicates Shanghai shares are pricing at a premium to shares in the same company trading in Hong Kong.Total volume of A shares traded in Shanghai was 13.08 billion shares, while Shenzhen volume was 6.69 billion shares.Total trading volume of companies included in the HSI index was 0.6 billion shares.GRAPHICSNew A-share account openings bit.ly/1wvJ9S9China trading volumes hit records in 2014 link.reuters.com/vag73w   (Reporting by Sue-Lin Wong; Additional reporting by Chen Yixin; Editing by Richard Borsuk)
Sue-Lin Wong
382
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/11/10/china-infrastructure-idUSL3N0T04IE20141110
UPDATE 1-China interested in Singapore-Malaysia high-speed rail, Chile ports-Xinhua
Mon Nov 10, 2014 4:33am EST
  (Updates with details of China-Australia meeting)SHANGHAI Nov 10 (Reuters) - China is keen to help build a Malaysia-Singapore high-speed rail link and also to get involved in Chilean and Australian railway and port projects, state media and the government cited Premier Li Keqiang as saying on Monday.The interest, expressed at meetings with the leaders of Malaysia, Chile and Australia on the sidelines of a gathering of Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation leaders, comes amid growing efforts by China to export its rail technology and take part in overseas projects.Li told Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak China was willing to "actively participate" in the Singapore-Malaysia high-speed rail, the official Xinhua news agency reported. It did not provide details. Singapore and Malaysia said in February last year that they planned to build a high-speed rail link by 2020 that would cut travel time between the city-state and Kuala Lumpur to 90 minutes, without giving a cost estimate. In a separate Monday meeting with Chile's President Michelle Bachelet, Li said China was keen to take part in Chile's rail, ports and utility projects and also to widen its involvement in South American construction projects, Xinhua said.Li also met with Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott and told him China would support its firms in investing in Australia's railway and airport projects to promote regional economic cooperation, according to China's foreign ministry. Chinese railway companies have been ramping up efforts to win contracts overseas, particularly in the area of high-speed rail. On Friday, the sector was dealt a blow when Mexico  cancelled a $3.75 billion high-speed rail billion contract from a China-led consortium, which had been a key first win.The Chinese government on Saturday said it would contribute $40 billion to set up a Silk Road infrastructure fund to boost connectivity across Asia. Last month, it unveiled a $50 billion China-backed Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank.     (Reporting by Brenda Goh; Editing by Robert Birsel)
Brenda Goh
383
http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/11/11/myanmar-singapore-listings-idUSL4N0HL15Y20131111
Capital-hungry Myanmar firms cautiously drawn to Singapore listings
Mon Nov 11, 2013 3:59pm EST
  SINGAPORE/YANGON Nov 12 At Yangon International airport, large blue and white signs in the arrival and departure halls promote Singapore's stock exchange as the go-to destination for Myanmar businesses seeking capital.The advertisements underscore Singapore's nascent role as a magnet for Myanmar companies eager to grow as their country emerges from decades of isolation but frustrated by its crippled banking system and barely existing financial markets.Lawyers and financial advisors who work closely with Myanmar firms say about six to 10 companies are considering a listing in Singapore over the next couple of years."Many Myanmar business owners admire the reputation of Singapore Inc and look forward to raising their own prestige that comes with a Singapore listing," said Kim Huat Chia, head of corporate & capital markets at Singapore law firm Rajah & Tann.But hurdles to successful offerings are high.Singapore's bourse says while it has seen interest from Myanmar companies, they will have to meet its corporate governance standards. For many businesses, that's still quite a distant goal, lawyers and bankers said.That's further complicated by several Myanmar tycoons being on a U.S. sanction list, accused of making their fortunes by colluding with the former military junta, which was notorious for corruption and human rights abuses. While the European Union ended sanctions this year, the United States has only suspended them.The potential for resistance from Myanmar's government, which is planning its own stock exchange, has also made some local businesses wary about tapping capital markets offshore.YOMA AND ZAW ZAWTo date, only one Myanmar firm has managed to list in Singapore - Yoma Strategic Holdings Ltd, which listed in 2006 through a reverse takeover.The property and car sales conglomerate led by tycoon Serge Pun now counts Capital Group, Aberdeen Asset Management and Vanguard among its top 10 shareholders and has seen its share price quadruple since early 2012 on investor interest in the hot frontier economy. It's only natural that other Myanmar firms would want to follow suit."To this day in Myanmar, there's no stock market, no bond market, no banking market to talk about. There are quite a few companies that are asset-rich but have no source of liquidity," said Andrew Rickards, chief executive of Yoma."If it was smart to do an RTO (reverse takeover) in 2006 for Yoma, it's absolutely necessary now for companies to have access to international markets."But if corporate Myanmar is drawn by Yoma's example, it is also wary of what happened to Zaw Zaw, one of Myanmar's most powerful businessmen.Singapore Exchange Ltd effectively rejected in April a proposed reverse takeover deal that would have seen Zaw Zaw inject his petrol kiosk business into bed linen retailer Aussino Group Ltd.It said it was "unable to proceed with the review of the application as major issues have not been adequately resolved." Among these concerns, it cited Zaw Zaw's placement on the U.S. sanction list and the lack of clarity as to why he was on it. Zaw Zaw could not be reached for comment. CAPITAL DROUGHTMyanmar's corporate landscape is dominated by about 20 large conglomerates, with the biggest ones estimated to employ as many as 30,000 people each.For those and smaller Myanmar companies seeking funds, bank loans are often hard to obtain, with urban land usually demanded as collateral and interest rates high, said Aung Thura, CEO of Yangon-based research and capital markets firm Thura Swiss.The country does have an over-the-counter bourse, the Myanmar Securities Exchange Centre (MSEC), but it has only two listed firms. When the stocks are traded, which is very rarely, payments are normally made in cash.A few companies have gone public, but not on the MSEC. Instead they sell shares from their offices or even in public places, letting people know by taking a newspaper advertisement or just through word of mouth, Aung Thura said. While Myanmar's government is working to establish a stock exchange by 2015 with the help of Japan's Daiwa Securities Group , many in Myanmar business circles worry that the deadline may be pushed back. Still, going offshore may risk incurring the displeasure of the government.A senior executive at a Myanmar resources firm said several companies have been informally warned by authorities not to list in other markets such as Singapore. Myanmar officials have denied issuing such warnings."We haven't protested against any company concerning this and nor have we received any confirmed information about Myanmar companies planning to be listed in Singapore," said Aung Naing Oo, director general of the Directorate of Investment and Company Administration, part of the Ministry of National Planning and Economic Development.COYFor now, most Myanmar firms are reluctant to be too forthcoming about fund raising plans, preferring to keep their options open, which may also include partnering with a strategic or private equity investor.City Mart Holding Co Ltd, which runs Myanmar's biggest supermarket chain, is considering a Singapore listing, but it is also weighing other alternatives, a company spokeswoman said.Aung Zaw Naing, managing director of construction and hydropower conglomerate Shwe Taung Group of Companies, says his company's plan "depends on the situation of the stock market that will emerge here soon."For investors keen on Myanmar's story, some of the first listings are likely to be Myanmar-focused firms that are part of an international group.Mongolia-based Silk Road Finance is considering a Singapore listing within three years for Mandalay Capital, a unit that provides corporate and advisory services to Myanmar firms and international investors, its chairman Alisher Ali told Reuters.Singapore-listed engineering firm ISDN Holdings Ltd , which has joined hands with Tun Thwin Mining Co Ltd to build and run a coal-fired power plant in northwest Myanmar, said last month it may look at separate listings for its coal-related ventures in Myanmar.
None
384
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/05/19/ca-silk-road-medical-idUSnPn8cKqjw%2B88%2BPRN20150519
FDA Grants Premarket Approval for Silk Road Medical's ENROUTE® Transcarotid Stent System
Tue May 19, 2015 8:00am EDT
    FDA Grants Premarket Approval for Silk Road Medical's ENROUTE® Transcarotid Stent System First Carotid Stent Indicated for Transcarotid Use and Optimized for Novel TransCarotid Artery Revascularization (TCAR) Procedure PR Newswire SUNNYVALE, Calif., May 19, 2015   SUNNYVALE, Calif., May 19, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Silk Road Medical, Inc., a pioneer in the development of transcarotid therapies for intra and extracranial vascular diseases, announces the company has received Premarket Approval (PMA) from the United States Food & Drug Administration (FDA) for the ENROUTE Transcarotid Stent System. The ENROUTE Transcarotid Stent is the first carotid stent that is introduced and implanted into the carotid artery through a direct common carotid access point to enable a safe and more direct approach to carotid artery stenting. The ENROUTE Transcarotid Stent is indicated for use in High Surgical Risk patients and is intended to be used in conjunction with Silk Road Medical's ENROUTE Transcarotid Neuroprotection System (NPS), which recently received 510(k) clearance by the FDA. Together the ENROUTE Transcarotid NPS and Stent System enables a novel hybrid procedure called TransCarotid Artery Revascularization (TCAR), which combines surgical principles of neuroprotection with a less invasive stenting procedure. The ENROUTE Transcarotid NPS is a first in class system used to directly access the common carotid artery and initiate high rate temporary blood flow reversal to protect the brain from stroke while delivering and implanting the ENROUTE Transcarotid Stent. The ENROUTE Transcarotid Stent was developed pursuant to a license with Cordis Corporation and leverages the micromesh design and long term durability of the Cordis PRECISE® Carotid Stent that was clinically proven in tens of thousands of patients across multiple clinical trials including SAPPHIRE, CASES-PMS and SAPPHIRE Worldwide. The ENROUTE Transcarotid Stent has a shorter delivery system optimized for transcarotid access and was recently trialed by leading European physicians.  "TCAR allows us to avoid potential stroke hazards at the aortic arch while placing a stent under robust flow reversal which simulates the superb neuroprotection of CEA," commented Prof. Dr. med. Ralf Kolvenbach, Chief of Vascular Surgery at Augusta Hospital, Dusseldorf Catholic Hospital Group. "With the ENROUTE Transcarotid Stent we now have a dedicated, ergonomic stent platform for TCAR that combines the control afforded by transcarotid access with the stent's visibility under x-ray, allowing for confident, precise stent placement." The U.S. FDA PMA was based in part on data collected from a subset (52) of 141 High Surgical Risk patients in the ROADSTER study who were treated with the Cordis PRECISE PRO RX® Stent System and the ENROUTE Transcarotid NPS. Technical success was 100% (52/52) and the Major Adverse Event (MAE) rate at 30 days was 1.9% consisting of a single minor stroke, comparable to the overall ROADSTER results of 3.5% MAE and 1.4% stroke."TCAR was led and inspired by vascular specialists looking for ways to treat their patients with safer and more effective methods. The ENROUTE Transcarotid NPS and Stent System is an innovation that will push forward the field of carotid revascularization. Severe carotid artery stenosis is one of the last frontiers in vascular disease that is still treated primarily by an open surgical approach and we look forward to bringing our less invasive, surgically-inspired ENROUTE Transcarotid System to market for vascular specialists and their patients," said Lucas Buchanan, Executive Vice President of Corporate Development and Commercialization. About Silk Road MedicalSilk Road Medical, Inc. is a private company located in Sunnyvale, CA, that develops and manufactures less-invasive medical devices intended to improve the treatment of intra and extracranial cerebrovascular disease through proprietary transcarotid therapies. Detailed information about Silk Road Medical can be found at www.silkroadmed.com.Silk Road and ENROUTE are registered trademarks of Silk Road Medical, Inc. CORDIS®, PRECISE®, and PRECISE PRO RX® are all registered trademarks of Cordis Corporation. Third party trademarks used herein are trademarks of their respective owners.  Caution: Federal (USA) law restricts this device to sale by or on the order of a physician. Please refer to package insert for indications, contraindications, warnings, precautions, and instructions for use.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/fda-grants-premarket-approval-for-silk-road-medicals-enroute-transcarotid-stent-system-300085248.htmlSOURCE  Silk Road Medical, Inc. 
None
385
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/02/13/us-china-srilanka-idUSBREA1C0IU20140213
China, Sri Lanka could sign free trade pact this year
Thu Feb 13, 2014 5:36am EST
  BEIJING China and Sri Lanka could sign a free trade agreement by the end of the year, state news agency Xinhua cited Sri Lanka's foreign minister as saying, a move that will help cement Colombo's growing economic and diplomatic ties with Beijing.Sri Lankan Foreign Minister G.L. Peiris, who is on a four-day visit to China, said "the feasibility study is on the verge of completion".Peiris told Xinhua in an interview published late on Wednesday it would be the most significant bilateral achievement since the 1952 Rubber-Rice Pact, when rubber and rice was bartered between China and Sri Lanka.Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying told reporters on Thursday that the two countries "are currently undertaking feasibility studies and look forward to starting the negotiations at an early date".China has signed a series of free trade agreements, mostly with smaller economies like New Zealand, Switzerland and Iceland, though it is negotiating more significant ones with Australia, South Korea and Japan. China has increasingly tight ties with Sri Lanka, funding airports, roads, railways and ports. Those ties have unsettled India, traditionally Sri Lanka's closest economic partner.Hua added that China was also seeking greater maritime cooperation with Sri Lanka, to build what she called a "21st-century Maritime Silk Road". "Our cooperation will range from maritime connectivity, the economy, technology, rescue and environmental protection to disaster mitigation and fishery," she said, adding that other countries were welcome to join the initiative.The island of 21 million people just off India's southern tip is at the forefront of competition between Asian giants China and India. China has consistently defended Sri Lanka's rights record, which came under fire at a Commonwealth summit in November, saying Colombo had made big strides in promoting human rights and achieving national reconciliation over the years.On Tuesday, China's Foreign Minister offered support for Sri Lanka after the United States said it would table a U.N. resolution against Colombo over its human rights record.President Mahinda Rajapaksa's government, which finally crushed a 26-year rebellion by ethnic minority Tamil separatists in 2009, has rejected calls for an international inquiry into atrocities during the civil war.(Reporting by Sui-Lee Wee and Ben Blanchard; Editing by Paul Tait and Ron Popeski)
Sui-Lee Wee and Ben Blanchard
386
http://www.reuters.com/article/slideshow/idUSRTXE0PD
387
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/09/22/china-navy-iran-kemp-idUSL6N0RN2FK20140922
COLUMN-In search for security, China's navy enters Strait of Hormuz: Kemp
Mon Sep 22, 2014 8:33am EDT
  (John Kemp is a Reuters market analyst. The views expressed are his own)By John KempLONDON, Sept 22 (Reuters) - Bandar Abbas, home of Iran's navy and the main port in the strategically important Strait of Hormuz, is currently hosting two Chinese naval vessels on a five-day goodwill visit, underlining the increasingly warm relationship between the two countries.It is the first such port call to Iran by the People's Liberation Army Navy (PLAN) and highlights the efforts both China and Iran are making to counterbalance the power of the United States in the Middle East and along the sea lanes connecting the oil fields of the Gulf with major energy-consuming centres in Asia.The firepower of the guided missile destroyer Changchun and guided missile frigate Changzhou of the PLAN's 17th escort taskforce is dwarfed by the U.S. Fifth Fleet headquartered in Bahrain. But the port call marks the first time China's navy has entered the waters of the Gulf and the symbolism has not been lost on anyone.For Iran, the visit is part of a strategy which aims to break out of the isolation being imposed by U.S. and European sanctions by developing closer relationships with China and Russia. In theory, China and Russia remain members of the P5+1 nuclear negotiating team which presents a unified position. In practice, both have clearly indicated their desire to strengthen relations with Iran notwithstanding unresolved issues about the country's nuclear activities.Iran hopes to exploit the rivalry between the United States on the one hand and China and Russia on the other to secure a more favourable deal in the nuclear negotiations as well as other outstanding issues with the United States and its European and Middle Eastern allies.For China, on the other hand, the visit is one element in a comprehensive strategy which aims to protect the long and vulnerable sea lanes along which more than 20 percent of its oil consumption comes - from countries in the Middle East across the Indian Ocean and the South China Sea via the Strait of Hormuz and the Strait of Malacca ("Asia's Oil Supply: Risks and Pragmatic Opportunities" May 2014).SEA LANE STRATEGYChina's naval forces remain comparatively small and mostly suited to operations off the country's eastern and southern coast lines, where their objective is to secure the sea areas out to the first island chain. But in recent years the PLAN has made small deployments into the Indian Ocean, for example anti-piracy activities off the coast of Somalia, as the navy practices longer range operations. China is still a long way from being able to project enough power to keep the sea lanes across the high seas and through the Strait of Hormuz and the Strait of Malacca open against a determined and capable opponent - which is never named but is understood by all sides to be the United States.Many Western political and military analysts doubt whether China could acquire the capability seriously to challenge U.S. control of the seas within a meaningful timeframe. The country currently has only one, second-hand aircraft carrier, renamed the Liaoning, compared with the ten carriers operated by the United States.Western analysts play down the idea of naval competition to control the transit routes between the Middle East and East Asia. But there is no doubt that protecting vital supply and trade routes, as well as countering U.S. influence in Asia and the Middle East, is uppermost in the thinking of China's top military and political leaders.China's President Xi Jinping has just returned from a tour to Tajikistan, the Maldives, Sri Lanka and India on which he promoted his ideas, first articulated in 2013, about the "Silk Road Economic Belt" and "21st Century Maritime Silk Road".All four countries on Xi's recent trip are "pivot points" on the "One Belt and One Road", according to People's Daily, the flagship publication of China's Communist Party ("Xi's four-nation tour highlights sincerity of China's neighbourhood policy" Sep 22). Xi pledged to cooperate with the Maldives and Sri Lanka on "peace, stability and prosperity" as well as "port construction and operation, maritime economy and security, and the construction of a maritime transportation centre in the Indian Ocean" according to People's Daily.In plainer language, China is seeking to build infrastructure and alliances along the trade routes which connect it to the Middle East.STRATEGIC COMPETITIONMore broadly, China and the United States are engaged in strategic competition for influence and power across the wider Asian region. In August, General Martin Dempsey, the top U.S. military officer, paid a high-profile visit to Vietnam, the first time a chairman of the U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff has been to the country since 1971 ("Dempsey building trust in Vietnam visit" Aug 15).In its official statement, the U.S. Defense Department noted Vietnam's "geostrategic position" between China and Southeast Asia." Vietnam "probably (has) more influence on the South China Sea and how it evolves than any other country," Dempsey said.The United States has also been strengthening its alliances with Japan, Malaysia and the Philippines to counter Chinese influence, and has spoken out strongly against what it calls China's "destabilising" activities in the South China Sea.Both rivals are courting India, the biggest prize of all, with the largest military forces, a shared land border with China and dominating the Indian Ocean from its position athwart the major sea lanes.On his recent trip, Xi promised his Indian hosts more investment in infrastructure and industrial, as well as to increase imports of pharmaceuticals and agricultural products, and talked about a vision of shared prosperity on both sides of the Himalayas.The PLAN's port call to Bandar Abbas is just one element in an increasingly intense but undeclared competition between the United States and China for regional influence and control of the trade routes in Asia.The two sides even use the same, carefully coded, language. The commanding officer of China's 17th escort taskforce described the purpose of the port call as "promoting peace and amity, strengthening mutual understanding and mutual trust, and deepening friendly relations," according to the PLA's news service ("Chinese naval taskforce visits Iran" Sep 22).Dempsey highlighted the importance of "trust" on his own visit to Vietnam and trying to build a relationship on the basis of common interests. The United States would step up its contacts with Vietnam's military, he said, especially on maritime security and law enforcement. "It occurred to me that often adversaries in the past can become our closest friends," Dempsey told his Vietnamese hosts.For the moment, the balance of forces in Asia and along the transit routes remains overwhelmingly in favour of the United States. But the increasingly fierce if unacknowledged competition between the two powers will be severely destabilising if it is not managed carefully.    (Editing by William Hardy)
William Hardy
388
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/01/13/usa-bitcoin-trial-idUSL1N0US1IU20150113
UPDATE 2-Accused Silk Road owner 'fall guy' for operators - trial lawyer
Tue Jan 13, 2015 6:04pm EST
  (New throughout following opening statements)By Nate RaymondNEW YORK Jan 13 (Reuters) - A lawyer for the man accused of running the online black marketplace Silk Road acknowledged on Tuesday that his client had created the site, but said he was the "fall guy" for its true operators.The assertion by Joshua Dratel, a lawyer for Ross Ulbricht, came at the start of a trial in Manhattan federal court. It marked the first time Ulbricht's lawyers had conceded their client played a role in Silk Road, where drugs and other illicit goods could be bought anonymously with bitcoins.Dratel told jurors that Ulbricht created Silk Road as a "free wheeling, free market website" but said the "economic experiment" ultimately proved too stressful for him."So he handed it off to others," Dratel told jurors during opening statements.But Dratel said Ulbricht was not the real "Dread Pirate Roberts," the online alias for Silk Road's operator, and said the people behind Silk Road had brought him back only after realizing law enforcement was closing in on them."Ross was the perfect fall guy as Silk Road, after all, was his idea," Dratel said. Timothy Howard, a federal prosecutor, however, told the jury that authorities had a "mountain" of evidence on Ulbricht's laptop proving he was the Dread Pirate Roberts."He was the kingpin of this digital criminal enterprise," Howard said.The trial is the highest-profile test yet of U.S. authorities' efforts to crackdown on the use of the digital currency bitcoin for drug trafficking and other crimes. Silk Road operated from at least 2011 to October 2013, a period in which Howard said drug dealers earned $200 million through 1 million sales and Ulbricht amassed an $18 million bitcoin fortune through commissions.Prosecutors say Ulbricht ran Silk Road under the alias borrowed from a character in the 1987 movie "The Princess Bride." The website relied on the so-called Tor network, which lets users communicate anonymously.Ulbricht is charged with seven counts including operating a continuing criminal enterprise and conspiracy to commit narcotics trafficking and faces life in prison.His has garnered supporters, who say the case is an attack on Internet freedom. Some gathered outside the court holding signs that read "Free Ross" and "30 years to life for an honest website?" According to prosecutors, Ulbricht was logged into the Silk Road website as Dread Pirate Roberts when he was arrested in a San Francisco library. His laptop also displayed an online chat with an Silk Road employee who was actually a federal agent, Howard said."The defendant was caught red handed," he said.Howard said 95 percent of the items for sale on Silk Road  were drugs, though it also carried listings for fake passports and hacking services.Ulbricht was vigilant in protecting Silk Road, going so far as to solicit the murders of people who threatened it, Howard said.While the murders were never carried out, Howard said Ulbricht "was willing to stop at nothing to protect his criminal enterprise."The case is U.S. v. Ulbricht, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 13-06919.   (Reporting by Nate Raymond in New York; Editing by Tom Brown and Noeleen Walder)
Nate Raymond in New York
389
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/06/29/us-usa-california-bitcoin-idUSKBN0F402T20140629
California governor signs bill to bring bitcoin and other currency into fold
Sat Jun 28, 2014 10:41pm EDT
  LOS ANGELES California Governor Jerry Brown on Saturday signed into law a bill that clears away possible state-level obstacles to alternative currencies such as bitcoin.The legislation repeals what backers said was an outdated California law prohibiting commerce using anything but U.S. currency.Democratic Assemblyman Roger Dickinson, the bill's author, said earlier this week the bill reflects the popularity of forms of payment already in use in California like bitcoin and that even rewards points from businesses, such as Starbucks Stars, could technically be considered illegal without an update to currency law in the nation's most populous state.California lawmakers approved the measure on Monday, just days after the failed Tokyo-based bitcoin exchange Mt. Gox received court approval to begin bankruptcy proceedings in the United States as it awaits approval of a settlement with U.S. customers and a sale of its business. Mt. Gox was once the world's leading exchange for trading the digital currency, but shut its website earlier this year after saying that in a hacking attack it lost some 850,000 bitcoins, worth more than $500 million at current prices. The firm later said it found 200,000 bitcoins.Brown, a Democrat, in his office's written announcement did not comment on the currency bill he had signed into law along with other legislation. An analysis of the bill prepared for lawmakers mentions "community currencies", which are created by members of a local area along with participating merchants and are sometimes designed as a protest of U.S. monetary policies, among the forms of alternative payment methods now in use in certain parts of the United States. The U.S. Marshals Service on Friday auctioned off about 30,000 bitcoins seized during a raid on Silk Road, an Internet black-market bazaar where authorities say illegal drugs and other goods could be bought. (Reporting by Alex Dobuzinskis; Editing by Jeremy Laurence)
Alex Dobuzinskis
390
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/11/30/us-britain-politics-idUSKCN0JE0CB20141130
UK's Osborne pledges pre-election healthcare funding boost
Sun Nov 30, 2014 8:48am EST
  LONDON British finance minister George Osborne announced a 2 billion-pound annual rise in healthcare spending on Sunday, seeking to counter attacks on his Conservative party's handling of the health service six months before an election.Prime Minister David Cameron's center-right party lags the main opposition Labour party on the question of who is most trusted to protect the publicly funded National Health Service (NHS).With opinion polls showing Labour narrowly in the lead on voting intentions, Osborne sought to win back ground on the NHS by promising a permanent increase in the service's funding."This is a down payment on the NHS's own long-term plan, and it shows you can have a strong NHS if you have a strong economy," Osborne told the BBC.He will seek to use a half-yearly budget update on Wednesday to convince voters that his plan for more spending cuts, focused in large part on welfare payments, is more credible than Labour's less aggressive austerity proposals.  Britain's budget deficit remains large, at more than 5 percent of economic output, and Osborne is aiming to balance it by 2018/19 without raising taxes.    The NHS in England costs over 100 billion pounds annually, or a third of all government departmental spending. It faces increasing financial strain as the population rises and ages.The spending pledge is set to be delivered alongside mixed economic forecasts from the independent Office for Budget Responsibility that, beyond some investment in road-building, will leave little room for other spending commitments.  The Sunday Times reported, without citing sources, that the OBR would raise its 2015 economic growth prediction to 2.5 percent from 2.3 percent. It would also increase its forecasts for the budget deficit, the paper said without elaborating.Britain's strong economic growth since the middle of last year has not yet translated into stronger tax revenues, since much of a surge in employment has been in low-paying jobs.  When Osborne took office in 2010, he promised to protect the NHS as he set about cutting a budget deficit that had reached 11 percent of gross domestic product.The head of the NHS in England has said the service faces a 30 billion-pound shortfall by 2020/21 and that even with cost cutting, at least 8 billion pounds of extra funding was needed.Labour finance spokesman Ed Balls said it was unclear where the extra money promised by Osborne would come from. Labour has promised an extra 2.5 billion pounds of NHS spending, which Balls said would be in addition to Osborne's increase. (Editing by Aidan Martindale)
Aidan Martindale
391
http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/10/04/us-crime-silkroad-idUSBRE9930Z120131004
U.S. hearing postponed for accused operator of Silk Road online drug bazaar
Fri Oct 4, 2013 4:00pm EDT
  SAN FRANCISCO A federal magistrate judge postponed a bail hearing on Friday for the alleged mastermind of the Silk Road online drug bazaar in order to give the 29-year-old's lawyer more time to prepare.Wearing leg shackles and a red jail uniform, Ross William Ulbricht was led into the San Francisco court room, where he was represented by a public defender during the 10-minute proceeding.U.S. Magistrate Judge Joseph Spero rescheduled the bail hearing until next Wednesday after public defender Brandon LeBlanc asked for more time. LeBlanc told reporters his client denied all charges.The Federal Bureau of Investigation arrested Ulbricht on Tuesday and accused him of running the Silk Road website, a market place for illegal goods, under the online alias "Dread Pirate Roberts."Authorities said they seized $3.6 million worth of the bitcoin digital currency, which was used instead of cash or credit cards to complete transactions for drugs and other illegal merchandise. Federal prosecutors in New York have charged him with one count each of narcotics trafficking conspiracy, computer hacking conspiracy and money laundering conspiracy, according to court filings.They also say Ulbricht tried to have someone killed who had threatened to expose the identities of thousands of Silk Road users unless Ulbricht sent him money.For more than two years, Silk Road allowed thousands of tech-savvy sellers to post ads for drugs and other illegal products, which they shipped to customers through the mail. Like eBay, which does not permit the sale of illegal products, sellers on Silk Road depended on positive reviews left by their customers in order to maintain good reputations and generate more sales.Bitcoins, which provide a degree of privacy in online transactions, can be stored in "wallets" kept online or on individual personal computers. According to the complaint, Ulbricht, whose alleged online alias comes from the Princess Bride novel and movie, operated the Silk Road site from his apartment and nearby Internet cafes in San Francisco.The site also offered tutorials on hacking ATM machines, contact lists for black market connections and counterfeiters, and guns and hit men for sale, according to the charges.Authorities said Ulbricht's website generated sales of more than 9.5 million bitcoins, roughly equivalent to $1.2 billion. Bitcoin exists solely in cyber form, and some devotees promote it as the future of money. Authorities have stepped up their scrutiny of the virtual currency and its possible connection to money laundering and other illegal activities.The criminal case is U.S. v. Ulbricht 13-mg-023287.(Reporting by Noel Randewich; Editing by Kenneth Barry)
Noel Randewich
392
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/05/08/idUSnMKWt6Fsva%2B1c8%2BMKW20150508
Pacific Road Resources Funds Announce Investment in Luna Gold Corp.
Fri May 8, 2015 7:28am EDT
   Pacific Road Resources Funds Announce Investment in Luna Gold Corp.   VANCOUVER, BRITISH COLUMBIA--(Marketwired - May 8, 2015) -  The Pacific Road Resources Funds ("PRRF") are pleased to announce that they have entered into an investment agreement (the "Agreement") with Luna Gold Corp. (the "Corporation"), pursuant to which PRRF will acquire common shares, warrants and debt of the Corporation.   Pursuant to the Agreement, PRRF has agreed to purchase:           (a) 100,000,000 units (each a "Unit") at a price of $0.10 per Unit. Each Unit will consist of one common share in the capital of the Corporation and one common share purchase warrant (each a "Series A Warrant"). Each Series A Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one common share in the capital of the Corporation at a price of $0.125 per common share for a period of five years following the closing date of the transaction; and           (b) $20,000,000 aggregate principal amount of promissory notes ("Notes") and 200,000,000 common share purchase warrants (each a "Series B Warrant") for an aggregate purchase price of $20,000,000. Each Series B Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one common share in the capital of the Corporation at a price of $0.10 per common share and will have an expiry date of June 30, 2020.  As a result, PRRF will hold, on completion of the purchases, 100,000,000 common shares and common share purchase warrants to purchase a further 300,000,000 common shares. The 100,000,000 common shares represent approximately 41.4% of the issued and outstanding common shares of the Corporation as of the date of the Agreement on a pro forma basis. Assuming full exercise of the Series A Warrants and Series B Warrants, PRRF would hold 400,000,000 common shares, representing approximately 73.9% of the issued and outstanding common shares of the Corporation as of the date of the Agreement on a pro forma basis.The Corporation has announced an intention to complete a concurrent equity offering of Units. Accordingly the actual and anticipated interest of PRRF in the Corporation cannot be finally determined at this time, however, assuming completion of an offering by the Corporation of $15,000,000 of Units at a price of $0.10 per Unit, PRRF would hold approximately 25.5% of the issued and outstanding common shares of the Corporation and approximately 57.9% of the issued and outstanding common shares of the Corporation (assuming full exercise of its Series A Warrants and Series B Warrants), in each case as of the date of the Agreement on a pro forma basis.          Completion of the purchases is subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, including receipt of approval of the Toronto Stock Exchange, approval of the Corporation's shareholders and the Corporation and Sandstorm Gold Ltd. having amended their existing stream and credit arrangements in place.         PRRF purchased the securities for investment purposes and may or may not purchase or sell securities of the Company, or exercise the Series A Warrants and/or Series B Warrants, in the future on the open market or in private transactions, depending on market conditions and other factors.          A copy of the early warning report filed in connection with the investment is available on the Company's profile on SEDAR at www.sedar.com or may be obtained by contacting Greg Dick at +61 2 9241 1000. About Pacific Road Resources Funds and Pacific Road Capital Management Pty Limited         The Pacific Road Resources Funds are private equity funds investing in the global mining industry. They provide expansion and buyout capital for mining projects, mining related infrastructure and mining services businesses located throughout resource-rich regions of the world. The Pacific Road Resources Funds are managed and advised by Pacific Road Capital Management Pty Ltd ("PRCM"). The PRCM team, located in Sydney, Australia, San Francisco, USA, and Vancouver, Canada, is comprised of experienced mining investment professionals that have extensive knowledge and experience in the mining and infrastructure sectors, including considerable operating, project development, transactional and investment banking experience. For further information on the Pacific Road Resources Funds and PRCM, please go to their website at www.pacroad.com.au.  Pacific Road Resources FundsGreg Dick+61 2 9241 1000www.pacroad.com.au    
None
393
http://www.reuters.com/article/2012/11/09/us-russia-parking-idUSBRE8A814320121109
Moscow hails modest breakthrough in war on road congestion
Fri Nov 9, 2012 11:02am EST
  MOSCOW Moscow city officials have hailed the first modest steps in a campaign to unclog the city's famously gridlocked roads and meet Russian President Vladimir Putin's goal of turning the Russian capital into a global business hub.Horrendous congestion is a fact of life in Moscow, where a car journey of just a few miles can take hours, and drivers frequently park on pavements, making them virtually impassable to pedestrians.Foreign investors list the city's frequent gridlock as one of their most serious complaints, saying it imperils Putin's and Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev's goal of making Moscow a global finance centre by 2020.City authorities launched a 568-space pilot project on November 1, under which they charge 50 roubles ($1.58) per hour for parking spaces in certain areas, or levy an automatic fine of 2,500 roubles.The number of cars on roads within the pilot area dropped immediately by four per cent on November 1, city authorities said on Friday. A week later, their number remains two per cent down on previous averages, and roads are moving slightly faster, they said. "You can see there's two Moscows - one within the pilot project and another outside its borders," Sergei Marinichev, Moscow's parking 'tsar' told a news conference on Friday.He said the authorities were ready to expand paid street parking across the entire city within three years, introducing parking fees as far out as the city's orbital motorway. Moscow is the latest metropolis to adopt charges to deter drivers, following cities such as London, which levies a congestion charge for driving through the centre.City officials hope the changes will cut average journey times during rush hour to 50 from 66 minutes by 2025. Parking fines were increased tenfold earlier this year but road congestion in the city of 11.5 million remains bad.Angry central Moscow residents say they have been left paying the price of an exercise in money-making. Leonid Antonov, a city resident who has campaigned against the project, said the scheme wasn't working and that people were causing congestion elsewhere by parking their cars in squares where there were no charges."People who are used to driving to work are not changing their habits," he told Reuters.($1 = 31.5512 Russian roubles)(Reporting by Reuters trainee Sonia Elks; Editing by Douglas Busvine and Andrew Osborn)
Reuters trainee Sonia Elks
394
http://www.reuters.com/article/2012/04/21/us-georgia-trump-idUSBRE83K0D220120421
Trump flies into ex-Soviet Georgia for tower project
Sat Apr 21, 2012 12:36pm EDT
  TBILISI American property mogul Donald Trump flew into the former Soviet republic of Georgia on Saturday to expand his global real estate empire, lending his name to a glitzy tower on the Black Sea coast there.Unveiling a $250 million residential high-rise planned for the Georgian coastal resort town of Batumi, Trump said the Caucasus mountain nation had become a prime destination for foreign investment."I think you have a lot of investment opportunities in Georgia. It's amazing what's going on. It's one of the really amazing places in the world right now," Trump told Reuters in an interview."You have a lot of opportunities beyond real estate in Georgia (too)," he added. The five-star, 47-storey residential building called Trump Tower Batumi, is the first project to which the developer has lent his name in the former Soviet Union.Often outspoken and always flamboyant, Trump, 65, has branched out from his core property developing business in recent years to become a celebrity in the United States, in part thanks to his role in NBC's reality show The Apprentice. Georgia's economy was crippled by a five-day war with Russia in August 2008 and the global crisis that followed, which crimped foreign investment, forcing the former Soviet republic to rely on international aid.Its recovery started in 2010, however, when foreign direct investment rose to $814.5 million from $658.4 million in 2009. In 2011, FDI rose 20 percent year on year to $981 million. "As Georgia becomes a player in the global economy, what's extremely important for Georgia is to have a brand like Trump coming to Georgia and showing the world that like Western development Georgia is coming to the market as well," Michael Cohen, the Trump Organisation's executive vice-president, told Reuters.Trump's partner and developer in the project - Georgia's Silk Road Group, one of the largest private investment companies in the South Caucasus - believes it won't face problems in raising funds for the Trump Tower project."I know for sure that Trump's participation will be the key for success of this project. It will cause an interest among regional investors as well as potential buyers of apartments in Trump Tower," Georgy Ramishvili, chairman of the Silk Road Group, told Reuters.(Editing by Andrew Osborn)
Andrew Osborn
395
http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/07/16/us-food-chefs-myers-idUSBRE96F0A220130716
World Chef: Silk Road travels inspire LA's Hinoki & the Bird
Tue Jul 16, 2013 4:18am EDT
  LOS ANGELES The exotic, earthy aroma from smoking sheets of smoldering hinoki wood hovering over exquisite black cod is the first hint that diners at celebrated chef David Myers' newest restaurant are in for a culinary adventure.Hinoki & the Bird, the Japanophile chef's Silk Road-inspired restaurant, borrows heavily from the travels of Myers and Executive Chef Kuniko Yagi, who left banking a decade ago and worked her way up from the kitchen's lowest rungs to her current, globe-trotting career.The sleekly casual eatery, located near some of Los Angeles' top talent agencies, is a departure from Sona, Myers' elegant, Michelin one-star restaurant that opened in 2002 - a year before Food & Wine magazine bestowed on him a prestigious "Best New Chef" award.After Sona closed in 2010, Myers and his executive chef hit the road - eating, tweeting and picking up inspiration throughout Asia.Their journeys inform dishes such as spicy sambal skate wing, drunken duck breast and hinoki-scented black cod, the head-turning dish referenced earlier.The telegenic duo, who are familiar to fans of foodie shows such as "Top Chef" and "Iron Chef America," spoke with Reuters about how travel informed their careers and their latest project.Q: David, what was the inspiration for Hinoki & the Bird's name?A: Hinoki is an incredible cypress tree in Japan that has the most wonderful aroma. The bird component was to capture the essence of travel and how important travel is to the creative process. It's about the connection from California to Japan. We chronicle the bird's travel and bring it into the menu.Q: David, what is your vision for Hinoki & the Bird? A: I think California is the gateway to Asia. The idea is to showcase the California bounty and the scent of the Silk Road. The flavors are light, vibrant and healthy. You can come in and eat several different things and you're not feeling heavy. You're feeling sharp and you're ready to go the next day. I've only felt that in Asia - where you can eat a lot and drink a lot and feel great. The food of Southeast Asia is nothing but drinking food - it's about going around having beers and going to the next place.Q: David, which dish on Hinoki & the Bird's menu best illustrates how your travels through Southeast Asia have influenced your food?A: The sambal skate wing. That's our version of a barbecue skate wing from a hawker's stand in Singapore. That's the classic hawker stand dish.Q: Kuniko, what inspired you to leave banking and become a chef?A: I wanted to make sure I could have a job anywhere in the world. I thought, maybe if I can cook really well I can go anywhere in the world and be able to have a job. (In the beginning) I wasn't able to speak English much - but I thought I could mimic what people in the kitchen do. Q: Kuniko, what advice would you give someone who makes a similar career leap?A: Be humble about who you want to be. Nothing good happens in a year. I've been doing this for 10 years already. I started late. I was patient, and I had a couple of times where I wondered if I made the right choice.Drunken Duck Breast1/2 cup sake kasu (sake lees, a yeast by-product of sake making)1 cup warm water 2 duck breastsSalt & black pepper to tastePre-heat oven to 400 degrees.In a small pot, place sake kasu and warm water and whisk over low heat until broken down to a loose texture. Remove from heat and let cool.Score duck skin in a cross-hatch pattern and season with salt and pepper on both sides.Cover the breasts with the sake kasu and cover with plastic wrap. Let it rest in the refrigerator for one hour.Wash sake kasu off from duck breast and place the duck skin side down in a sauté pan over low heat, being careful not to burn. Render the skin from the breast, discarding the fat as you go.When the skin has a golden brown color, place the breast in the oven for 7 minutes, skin side up, for medium rare.(Reporting by Lisa Baertlein; Editing by Steve Orlofsky)
Lisa Baertlein
396
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/08/18/nyogoc-idUSnBw185201a%2B100%2BBSW20140818
Nanjing 2014 Opening Ceremony Starts the Youth Olympic Games off in Spectacular Fashion!
Mon Aug 18, 2014 3:06am EDT
          Nanjing 2014 Opening Ceremony Starts the Youth Olympic Games off in        Spectacular Fashion!               Expectations were high for the Opening Ceremony of the Nanjing 2014        Youth Olympic Games (YOG) that took place at the Nanjing Olympic Sports        Centre at 8:00p.m. on August 16. 60,000 spectators watched the        performance directed by Chen Weiya, the executive director of the        Opening Ceremony of the Beijing 2008 Olympic Games. The Ceremony lasted        two hours and featured 4,000 performers, 95 percent of whom are students        from both local and national tertiary institutions.        Picture A: Thomas Bach, the IOC President, invites some of the young athletes to use their smart phones to take selfies with him during the Opening Ceremony for Nanjing 2014 Summer Youth Olympic Games. (Photo: Business Wire)           The Opening Ceremony was tailored to appeal to young people and        demonstrate youthful vitality. It was divided into chapters meant to        interpret the dreams and aspirations of both individuals and nations.        “Super-sized” virtual TV technology and high-tech lighting and        projection technology were used to extend the performance stage beyond        the bounds of the venue.             The Ceremony featured thematic use of Nanjing icons such as the Purple        Mountain Observatory and the Yunjin brocade as well as important        elements of China’s past such as the Bronze Age, Zheng He's voyage to        the west, and the development of the Silk Road. Perhaps the most amazing        set piece of the night involved 120 acrobats who created a world        record-breaking aerial “Dream Tower” as they performed intricate        geometric patterns.             The theme song of the Nanjing 2014 Youth Olympic Games Opening Ceremony,        "Light Up the Future" was performed by four popular singers including        actor Soo Hyun Kim from South Korea whose performance was particularly        anticipated by local fans due to his role in a popular Korean soap opera.             The President of the People’s Republic of China, Xi Jinping, attended        the Opening Ceremony to welcome the President of the International        Olympic Committee (IOC) Thomas Bach and many other distinguished guests.             During his official speech the IOC President took a moment to        participate in the #YOGselfie social media campaign and show that these        Games are for the youth by asking some of the participating athletes to        take selfies with him at the podium.             The YOG Torch was carried by Chinese Olympic athletes starting with        Olympic badminton champion Lin Dan and ending with Olympic Diving        Champion Chen Ruolin who then lit the Olympic Flame in stunning        pyrotechnic fashion.             For further information on Nanjing 2014 Youth Olympic Games, please        visit www.nanjing2014.org        and follow us on our social media:             Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/youtholympicgames         Twitter: https://twitter.com/nanjing2014yog   Photos/Multimedia Gallery Available: http://www.businesswire.com/multimedia/home/20140818005201/en/        NYOGOCShen Zhengyu, +86-25-5666-1136Communications & Public        Relations Departmentshenzhengyu@nanjing2014.org        
None
397
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/12/04/us-bitcoin-auction-idUSKCN0JI1FB20141204
U.S. auction of Silk Road bitcoins draws 27 bids
Thu Dec 4, 2014 4:23pm EST
  NEW YORK The U.S. Marshals Service on Thursday received more than two dozen bids for 50,000 bitcoins seized from the alleged owner of Silk Road, an Internet black-market bazaar on which authorities say drugs and other illegal goods could be bought.Lynzey Donahue, a Marshals Service spokeswoman, said the government had 11 registered bidders and 27 resulting bids. Winning bidders for the bitcoins, valued at $18.6 million, will be notified on Friday.It was the Marshals Service's second such auction following  one in June for almost 30,000 bitcoins seized during a raid on  Silk Road in 2013.To date, the government has recovered 173,991 bitcoins while pursuing the case, including 144,336 from computer hardware belonging to Ross Ulbricht, the alleged creator of the underground website.As part of a civil forfeiture proceeding, Ulbricht and the government reached a deal in January under which the bitcoins on his hardware would be sold and the proceeds held, pending the outcome of his case. The remaining bitcoins from Ulbricht's hardware will be auctioned in the coming months. Donahue said authorities "didn't want to flood the market" with too many bitcoins at once.The previous auction of 29,655 bitcoins, which were recovered from Silk Road's servers, was won by a single bidder, Silicon Valley venture capitalist Tim Draper. Terms were not disclosed. Steven Englander, global head of G10 foreign exchange strategy at CitiFX, wrote in a note ahead of the auction that bidders this time "will likely lowball their bids relative to the current market price.""My expectation is that most bids will be aggressively to the downside in the hope of getting a post-Black Friday bargain," he wrote. Draper said Wednesday he would be among the bidders participating in the auction. Others who have said they will bid in the auction include the Bitcoin Investment Trust and Pantera Capital.Ulbricht, known online as "Dread Pirate Roberts," according to prosecutors, faces trial Jan. 5 on charges including conspiracy, money laundering and narcotics trafficking. He has pleaded not guilty.Bitcoin prices were down 0.7 percent late Thursday at $372.81. The digital currency has lost roughly half its value so far this year.  (Additional reporting by Sarah McBride in San Francisco; Editing by Bernadette Baum and Steve Orlofsky)
None
398
http://www.reuters.com/article/2011/06/14/us-usa-trade-tariffs-idUSTRE75D3YT20110614
Report urges U.S. tariff cuts to help poor consumers
Tue Jun 14, 2011 11:21am EDT
  WASHINGTON The United States should eliminate most, if not all, of its remaining taxes on imported goods to give low-income consumers extra spending cash, a new report recommended on Tuesday."The ideal approach would be bold: simply abolish consumer-good tariffs on clothes, shoes, luggage, linens and other home goods," said Ed Gresser, director of the trade policy shop ProgressiveEconomy in the report.The United States collected about $26 billion in tariffs on about $1.9 trillion of imports in 2010, suggesting an average tariff rate of only 1.3 percent.But in fact, tariffs on individual items vary dramatically, with goods most likely bought by the poor frequently hit with the highest rates, the report said.Sneakers with a wholesale price of less than $3 have a 48 percent duty, while leather dress shoes only 8.5 percent. The duty on a polyester bra is 16.9 percent but just 2.7 percent on a silk one. A canvas bag faces a 16 percent tariff, but one made from snakeskin 5.3 percent. Gresser, who worked previously for Senator Max Baucus and the U.S. Trade Representative's office, estimated about two-thirds of U.S. import duties are collected on home goods such as clothes, shoes, towels, pillowcases, luggage, handbags, silverware, plates and drinking glasses. Many of those items are no longer made in the United States."Tax analysts know very well that any tax on home goods will be regressive. This is because wealthy families spend the smallest share of their income on home goods, while low-income families -- especially if they have children -- spend the most," Gresser said. Import taxes are often defended as necessary to protect to American jobs, but falling U.S. employment in high-tariff industries such as clothes, shoes, luggage and linens suggest they have been ineffective at that.Some 1.34 million Americans worked for clothing manufacturers in 1970, but 40 years later only about 160,000 still do. The U.S. shoe industry has shrunk from 230,000 workers to 1,000 over the past four decades.The best way to eliminate remaining U.S. duties would be through a comprehensive world trade agreement in which other countries agree to cut theirs, Gresser said. Since those talks are stalled, lawmakers should consider other options such as the Affordable Footwer Act and the U.S. Outdoor Act, which both have bipartisan support, he said.The first would scrap tariffs on shoes no longer made in the United States and the second do the same for outdoor apparel like fishing and hiking clothes.Congress, perhaps as part of a larger tax reform, should also consider eliminating tariffs on all home goods not made in the United States, the report said.(Reporting by Doug Palmer; editing by Doina Chiacu)
Doug Palmer
399
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/08/05/il-silkroad-idUSnBw056101a%2B100%2BBSW20140805
SilkRoad and Maxwell Health Announce New Partnership
Tue Aug 5, 2014 10:20am EDT
    SilkRoad and Maxwell Health Announce New Partnership   Delivers Employee Benefits System Integrated with HRMS.         SilkRoad, a leading global provider of cloud-based talent        management solutions, today announced a new partnership with Maxwell        Health, bringing a fully paperless operating system for employee        benefits that streamlines online enrollment in all types of benefits and        leverages data from integrated services for better, more informed health        solutions.       Click        here to tweet this release.       Key Facts   Integration with SilkRoad:            SilkRoad remains system of record for employer/employee information                 Maxwell Health is system of record for benefits and benefits          administration          Maxwell Health provides the following for SilkRoad HRMS customers:            Complex Rate Structures                 Flexible Plan Design                 Rules-based System                 Flexible Contribution Strategies Support                 Paperless Online Benefits Enrollment                 Turnkey, Mobile-Enabled Wellness Program that incentivizes healthy          behavior                 Health Engagement Platform integrated with best-in-class wellness          products and services          Supporting Quotes            “SilkRoad is committed to delivering the most comprehensive and          easy-to-use products to all of our customers,” said John Shackleton,          President and CEO of SilkRoad. “By partnering with Maxwell Health,          SilkRoad is able to deliver a more complete and integrated experience.”                 “As one of the most innovative HRMSs in the industry, SilkRoad is a          natural fit for our product and vision,” said Veer Gidwaney, CEO and          Co-Founder of Maxwell Health. “We’re very excited to work with          SilkRoad to provide a seamless benefits enrollment and engagement          experience for their users.”          Supporting Resources    About          Maxwell Health   About          SilkRoad’s HRMS   Attend          a Maxwell Health + SilkRoad Webinar    About SilkRoad         SilkRoad is a leading global provider of cloud-based, end-to-end talent        management solutions that enable customers to find, attract, develop,        and retain the best talent. The award-winning SilkRoad Life Suite        includes Talent Acquisition, Talent Development, and HRMS solutions that        are delivered through a tablet-friendly Talent Portal. The suite is easy        to deploy and use – a single platform to rapidly boost employee        engagement and business performance. Visit www.silkroad.com,        follow on Twitter @SilkRoadTweets        or call 866-329-3363 (U.S. toll free) or +1-312-574-3700.       About Maxwell Health         Maxwell Health, a fast-growing industry leader in health IT, is the        first Health as a Service platform. This revolutionary operating system        for employee benefits engages employees, incentivizes a holistic view of        health, and provides a centralized place to access health and benefits        services. Maxwell’s web portal and mobile app enhances the benefits        experience by leveraging data from integrated services, meaning better,        more informed health solutions. Market leaders, including benefits        brokers, TPAs, insurance carriers, PEOs and other vendors, license        Maxwell’s technology to use with their employer clients.             131 Tremont Street Floor 3Boston, MA 02111@maxwellhelathpress@maxwellhealth.com            SilkRoadRyan Rivera, 312.300.4420Ryan.Rivera@silkroad.com        
None
400
http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/05/28/us-china-xinjiang-idUSBRE94R03Z20130528
China says Xinjiang minorities too busy dancing to make trouble
Tue May 28, 2013 3:25pm EDT
  BEIJING Ethnic minority people in China's Xinjiang are far more fond of dancing, singing and being good hosts than making trouble, a top official said on Tuesday, dismissing the idea that the far western region is a hotbed of unrest.Many Uighurs, a Turkic-speaking Muslim people who live in energy-rich Xinjiang, chafe at Chinese restrictions on their culture, language and religion, and the region is frequently the scene of deadly ethnic violence.Last month, 21 people were killed in clashes in the heavily ethnic Uighur part of Xinjiang near the old Silk Road city of Kashgar, the deadliest unrest since July 2009, when nearly 200 people were killed in riots in the Xinjiang capital of Urumqi.China says it offers broad freedoms in Xinjiang, though few Chinese officials make the effort to learn the Uighur language or understand much about Islam in what is officially an atheist country.Speaking to reporters in Beijing, deputy Xinjiang governor Shi Dagang said he had worked in southern Xinjiang for more than a decade and never had to carry a gun or have a police escort. This was the common experience of government officials who are members of the majority Han Chinese ethnicity, many of whom work in areas heavily populated by minorities, he said."There is mutual respect by Han cadres and ethnic minorities, and we are friends. When we go into their houses as guests we are treated to meat and wine, with song and dance," Shi said. "The ethnic minorities are simple-hearted and honest, very kind and unaffected. They love guests," he added. "I hope people don't have misapprehensions and go to Xinjiang and see for themselves."China dismisses accusations its policies are connected to unrest, saying armed Uighur groups have links to Central Asian and Pakistani Islamist militants, and of carrying out attacks to establish an independent state they call East Turkistan. "Those minority of people, the violent terrorists, ethnic splittists and religions extremists who want to cause trouble, their organizations are all outside the country, as are their backers behind the scenes," Shi said."How could we let this minority of people split Xinjiang off from the rest of the country and destroy this peaceful and harmonious society? It's impossible."Many rights groups say China has long overplayed the threat posed to justify its tough controls in Xinjiang, which lies strategically on the borders of Central Asia, India and Pakistan.(Reporting by Ben Blanchard; Editing by Robert Birsel)
Ben Blanchard
401
http://www.reuters.com/article/2012/11/30/us-syria-crisis-idUSBRE8AJ1FK20121130
Syria jets bombard rebel targets on airport road
Fri Nov 30, 2012 3:03pm EST
  BEIRUT Syrian air force jets bombarded rebel targets on Friday close to the Damascus airport road and a regional airline said foreign carriers had halted flights to the capital.Activists said security forces clashed with rebels trying to topple President Bashar al-Assad around Aqraba and Babilla districts on the southeastern outskirts of Damascus which lead to the international airport.Internet connections and most telephone lines were down for a second day, the worst communications outage in a 20-month-old uprising in which 40,000 people have been killed and hundreds of thousands forced to flee the country.The mostly Sunni Muslim rebels who are battling Assad, from Syria's Alawite minority linked to Shi'ite Islam, have been making gains around Syria by overrunning military bases and have been ramping up attacks on Damascus, his seat of power.A spokesman for a rebel Military Council in Damascus, Musaab Abu Qitada, told Reuters on Thursday they were also trying to "liberate" the airport to stop planes they said were delivering arms to the government.A resident of central Damascus said he saw black smoke rising from the east and the south of the city on Friday morning and could hear the constant boom of shelling. State television said Assad's forces were fighting rebels in those areas.U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said the conflict had reached "new and appalling heights of brutality and violence".The government had intensified its campaigns to root out opposition strongholds and increased shelling and air strikes, Ban told the U.N. General Assembly. "Opposition elements also have stepped up their attacks. I am horrified and saddened and condemn the seemingly daily massacres of civilians," he added.An aviation source in neighboring Jordan said two Syrian Air flights crossed Jordanian air space heading for the Syrian capital on Friday evening and that Damascus airport was open, although international airlines were staying away.The head of the national airline Syria Air said its services were operating according to schedule, state television reported. EgyptAir and Emirates have suspended flights to Damascus in response to the recent violence and there was no sign that Air Arabia and flydubai had flown scheduled trips on Friday."Airlines are not operating to Damascus today," said a Dubai-based airline official.The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, a British-based opposition monitoring group, said jets were bombarding targets in rural areas around Aqraba and Babilla.The Observatory's director, Rami Abdelrahman, said the airport road was open, but there was minimal traffic."A DECISIVE PHASE" U.S. and European officials said rebels were making gains in Syria, gradually eroding Assad's power, but said the fighting had not yet shifted completely in their favour.A Damascus-based diplomat said he believed the escalation in fighting around the capital was part of a government offensive which aimed to seal off the state-controlled centre of the city from rebel-held rural areas to the south and east.Activists say Assad's forces have also been shelling the Daraya district to the southwest of the city, trying to prevent rebels from cementing their hold of an area which could give them a presence in a continuous arc from the northeast to southwest of the capital's outer districts."I don't know whether the shelling has succeeded in pushing back the FSA (rebels) - experience shows that they return very quickly anyway," the diplomat said. "We seem to be entering a decisive phase of the Damascus offensive."At least 12 Lebanese gunmen were killed in a Syrian army ambush in the central Syrian province of Homs, a security source said on Friday, highlighting how Lebanon's neighbours are being dragged into the war. The sources said the Lebanese men were killed near the town of Tel Kalakh and were from majority Sunni northern areas of Lebanon.WHO CUT THE INTERNET?Syria's Internet shut down on Thursday, a move which activists blamed on authorities but which authorities variously attributed to a "terrorist" attack or a technical fault.Global hacking network Anonymous accused Syria's government of blocking communications to silence critics and said it would respond by attacking Syrian government websites around the world."As we discovered in Egypt, where the dictator (Hosni) Mubarak did something similar - this is not damage that can be easily or quickly repaired," Anonymous said, referring to an Internet outage during the 2011 uprising in Egypt.French foreign ministry spokesman Philippe Lalliot said the communications cut was of a matter of "extreme concern"."It is another demonstration of what the Damascus regime is doing to hold its people hostage. We call on the Damascus regime to reestablish communications without delay," he said.CloudFlare, a firm that helps accelerate Internet traffic, said on its blog saboteurs would have had to simultaneously cut three undersea cables into the Mediterranean city of Tartous and also an overland cable through Turkey in order to cut off the entire country's Internet access."That is unlikely to have happened," it said.(Additional reporting by Oliver Holmes in Beirut, Suleiman al-Khalidi in Amman, Mariam Karouny, Praveen Menon in Dubai and Jim Finkle in Boston)
None
402
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/10/10/lanco-infra-ma-griffin-idUSL3N0S54RB20141010
India's Lanco in talks to sell stake in Griffin coal mine
Fri Oct 10, 2014 10:42am EDT
  MUMBAI Oct 10 Indian infrastructure firm Lanco Infratech Ltd is in talks with investors to sell a stake in its Griffin coal mine in Australia and some road projects, it said on Friday, as part of its strategy to pay down a hefty debt burdenLanco, which has been negotiating with lenders to restructure its debts since last year, has been seeking to sell assets to return to profitability and repay net debt which stood at about 360 billion rupees ($5.9 billion) at the end of March.It said last month it would sell power projects to raise $825 million to pay down debt.The company, which acquired Griffin Coal Mining Co for about $760 million in 2011, plans to increase annual mining capacity at the largest coal mine in Australia four-fold to around 18 million tons by 2018, according to the company's website. In a statement to the stock exchange, the company said discussions were in progress with "some strategic/financial investors" over a possible stake sale. The company added the discussions were preliminary and no definitive action was in process.Lanco, which produces power, builds roads and constructs residential and commercial buildings, in July last year started a process to restructure debts totalling $1.3 billion after economic weakness hurt some of its core businesses. It had said then that the debt restructuring would not impact its Australian business.(1 US dollar = 61.2300 Indian rupee)   (Reporting by Aman Shah; Editing by Mark Potter)
Aman Shah
403
http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/04/09/china-investment-qfii-idUSL3N0CI10A20130409
China gave $910 mln in foreign investment quotas in March
Tue Apr 9, 2013 4:48am EDT
  April 9 China granted $910 million worth of investment quotas to 11 foreign institutional investors in March, paving the way for them to buy Chinese stocks and bonds.     The quotas, under the Qualified Foreign Institutional Investor (QFII) scheme, were awarded to overseas institutions including Generali Fund Management S.A, IDG Capital Management (HK) Ltd and Cutwater Investor Services Corp.      By the end of March, China had awarded a combined $41.745 billion of QFII quotas to 197 foreign institutions.     QFII funds that invest only in China-traded A shares posted an average loss of 1.51 percent in February, underperforming China's main CSI300 Index, which declined 0.5 percent during the period, according to Thomson Reuters Lipper.     No.  QFII Name                                Obtained QFII Status     Quota        1  UBS AG                                       5/23/2003                 790        2  Nomura Securities Co.,Ltd.                   5/23/2003                 350        3  Morgan Stanley & Co. International            6/5/2003                 600           Limited                                                         4  Citigroup Global Markets Limited              6/5/2003                 550        5  Goldman, Sachs & Co.                          7/4/2003                 300        6  Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft             7/30/2003                 600        7  The Hong Kong and Shanghai Banking            8/4/2003                 600           Corporation Limited                                             8  ING Bank N.V.                                9/10/2003                 400        9  JPMorgan Chase Bank, National                9/30/2003                 400           Association                                                    10  Credit Suisse (Hong Kong) Limited           10/24/2003                 500       11  Standard Chartered Bank (Hong Kong)         12/11/2003                 175           Ltd                                                            12  Nikko Asset Management Co.,Ltd.             12/11/2003                 450       13  Merrill Lynch International                  4/30/2004                 500       14  Hang Seng Bank Limited                       5/10/2004                 150       15  Daiwa Securities Capital Markets             5/10/2004                  50           Co.,Ltd.                                                       16  Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation              7/19/2004                 300       17  INVESCO Asset Management Limited              8/4/2004                 350       18  The Royal Bank of Scotland N.V.               9/2/2004                 175       19  Société Générale                              9/2/2004                 250       20  Barclays Bank PLC                            9/15/2004                 600       21  Commerzbank AG                               9/27/2004                 325       22  Fortis Bank NV-SA                            9/29/2004                 500       23  BNP Paribas                                  9/29/2004                 200       24  Power Corporation of Canada                 10/15/2004                  50       25  Credit Agricole Corporate and               10/15/2004                  75           Investment Bank                                                26  Goldman Sachs Asset Management                5/9/2005                 500           International                                                  27  Martin Currie Investment Management         10/25/2005                 120           Ltd                                                            28  Government of Singapore Investment          10/25/2005                1000           Corporation Pte Ltd                                            29  PineBridge Investment LLC                   11/14/2005                 150       30  Temasek Fullerton Alpha Investments         11/15/2005                1000           Pte Ltd                                                        31  JF Asset Management Limited                 12/28/2005                 375       32  The Dai-ichi Life Insurance                 12/28/2005                 250           CompanyLimited                                                33  DBS Bank Ltd                                 2/13/2006                 100       34  AMP Capital Investors Limited                4/10/2006                 500       35  The Bank of Nova Scotia                      4/10/2006                 150       36  KBC Financial Products UK Limited            4/10/2006                  20       37  La Compagnie Financiere Edmond de            4/10/2006                 200           Rothschild Banque                                              38  Yale University                              4/14/2006                 150       39  Morgan Stanley Investment Management          7/7/2006                 450           Inc.                                                           40  Prudential Asset Management                   7/7/2006                 300           (Hongkong) Limited                                             41  Stanford University                           8/5/2006                 100       42  GE Asset Management Incorporated              8/5/2006                 300       43  United Overseas Bank Limited                  8/5/2006                  50       44  Schroder Investment Management               8/29/2006                 425           Limited                                                        45  HSBC Global Asset Management (Hong            9/5/2006                 432           Kong) Limited                                                  46  Mizuho Securities Co.,Ltd                     9/5/2006                  50       47  UBS Global Asset Management                  9/25/2006                 250           (Singapore) Ltd                                                48  Sumitomo Mitsui Asset Management             9/25/2006                 350           Company, Limited                                               49  Norges Bank                                 10/24/2006                1000       50  Pictet Asset Management Limited             10/25/2006                 100       51  The Trustees of Columbia University          3/12/2008                 100           in the City of New York                                        52  Prudential Asset Management Co.,Ltd.          4/7/2008                   0       53  Robeco Institutional Asset management         5/5/2008                 235           B.V.                                                           54  State Street Global Advisors Asia            5/16/2008                  50           Limited                                                        55  Platinum Investment Company Limited           6/2/2008                 150       56  KBC Asset Management N.V.                     6/2/2008                 210       57  Mirae Asset Global Investments Co.,          7/25/2008                 250           Ltd.                                                           58  ACE INA International Holdings, Ltd.          8/5/2008                 150       59  Caisse de dépt et placement du Québec        8/22/2008                 200       60  President and Fellows of Harvard             8/22/2008                 200           College                                                        61  Samsung Investment Trust Management          8/25/2008                 450           Co., Ltd.                                                      62  AllianceBernstein Limited                    8/28/2008                 150       63  Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation          8/28/2008                 150           Limited                                                        64  First State Investment Management            9/11/2008                 220           (UK) Limited                                                   65  DAIWA Asset Management Co.                   9/11/2008                 200       66  Shell Asset Management Company B.V.          9/12/2008                   0       67  T. Rowe Price International, Inc.            9/12/2008                 110       68  Credit Suisse AG                            10/14/2008                 300       69  UOB Asset Management Ltd                    11/28/2008                  50       70  ABU Dhabi Investment Authority               12/3/2008                1000       71  Allianz Global Investors Luxembourg         12/16/2008                 200           S.A.                                                           72  Capital International, Inc.                 12/18/2008                 100       73  Mitsubishi UFJ Morgan Stanley               12/29/2008                 100           Securities Co., Ltd.                                           74  Hanwha Investment Trust Management            2/5/2009                 238           Co., Ltd.                                                      75  Emerging Markets Management, L.L.C.          2/10/2009                  50       76  DWS Investment S.A.                          2/24/2009                 200       77  The Korea Development Bank                   4/23/2009                 150       78  Woori Bank Co., Ltd                           5/4/2009                  50       79  Bank Negara Malaysia                         5/19/2009                 400       80  Lloyd George Management (Hong Kong)          5/27/2009                  50           Limited                                                        81  Templeton Investment Counsel, LLC             6/5/2009                 300       82  BEA Union Investment Management              6/18/2009                 100           Limited                                                        83  The Sumitomo Trust & Banking Co.,            6/26/2009                  50           Ltd.                                                           84  Korea Investment Trust Management            7/21/2009                 200           Co., Ltd                                                       85  Baring Asset Management Limited               8/6/2009                 200       86  Ashmore Investment Management Limited        9/14/2009                 350       87  BNY Mellon Asset Management                  11/6/2009                 150           International Limited                                          88  Manulife Asset Management (Hong Kong)       11/20/2009                 300           Limited                                                        89  Nomura Asset Management CO., LTD            11/23/2009                 350       90  Tongyang Asset Management Corp.             12/11/2009                  70       91  Royal Bank of Canada                        12/23/2009                 100       92  Aviva Investors Global Services             12/28/2009                 100           Limited                                                        93  Ivy Investment Management Company             2/8/2010                 100       94  DIAM Co., Ltd.                               4/20/2010                 100       95  OFI Asset Management                         5/21/2010                 150       96  Aberdeen Asset Management Asia                7/6/2010                 200           Limited                                                        97  KB Asset Management Co., Ltd.                 8/9/2010                 200       98  Fidelity Investments Management (Hong         9/1/2010                 300           Kong) Limited                                                  99  Legg Mason Investments (Europe)              10/8/2010                 100           Limited                                                       100  Hong Kong Monetary Authority                10/27/2010                1000      101  Fubon Securities Investment Trust Co.       10/29/2010                 250           Ltd.                                                          102  Capital Securities Investment Trust         10/29/2010                 100           Corporation                                                   103  BMO Investments Inc.                         12/6/2010                 100      104  Bank Julius Bear & Co.,Ltd                  12/14/2010                 100      105  KTB Asset Management Co.,Ltd                12/28/2010                 100      106  Lyxor Asset Management                       2/16/2011                 100      107  Polaris International Securities              3/4/2011                 100           Investment Co. Ltd.                                           108  Assicurazioni Generali S.p.A.                3/18/2011                 100      109  Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A.         5/6/2011                 100      110  Cathay Securities Investment Trust            6/9/2011                 100           Co., Ltd.                                                     111  Fuh Hwa Securities Investment Trust           6/9/2011                 100           Co. Ltd.                                                      112  Comgest S.A.                                 6/24/2011                 100      113  Amundi Hong Kong Limited                     7/14/2011                 100      114  BlackRock Institutional Trust                7/14/2011                 100           Company, N.A.                                                 115  Grantham, Mayo, Van Otterloo & Co.LLC         8/9/2011                 100      116  Monetary Authority of Singapore              10/8/2011                 100      117  China Life Insurance Co.,                   10/26/2011                 100           Ltd.Taiwan                                                  118  Shin Kong Life Insurance Co., Ltd.          10/26/2011                 100      119  Princeton University                        11/25/2011                  50      120  Shinko Asset Management Co., Ltd.           11/25/2011                 100      121  Canada Pension Plan Investment Board         12/9/2011                 600      122  Van Eck Associates Corporation               12/9/2011                 100      123  Hansberger Global Investors, Inc.           12/13/2011                 100      124  EARNEST Partners LLC                        12/13/2011                 150      125  Bank of Thailand                            12/16/2011                 300      126  Kuwait Investment Authority                 12/21/2011                1000      127  Northern Trust Global Investments           12/21/2011                 100           Limited                                                       128  Taiwan Life Insurance Co., Ltd.             12/21/2011                 100      129  The Bank of Korea                           12/21/2011                 300      130  Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan Board        12/22/2011                 100      131  Korea Investment Corporation                12/28/2011                 200      132  Russell Investments Ireland Limited         12/28/2011                 100      133  Metzler Asset Management GmbH               12/31/2011                 200      134  HI Asset Management Co., Limited.           12/31/2011                 100      135  Shinhan BNP Paribas Asset Management          1/5/2012                 100           Co., Ltd.                                                     136  Stichting Pensioenfonds voor                  1/5/2012                  60           Huisartsen                                                    137  National Pension Service (South               1/5/2012                 100           Korea)                                                        138  Mercuries Life Insurance Co Ltd              1/30/2012                  50      139  Prudential Financial Securities              1/31/2012                  70           Investment Trust Enterprise                                   140  Principal Global Investors LLC               1/31/2012                 150      141  Hospital Authority Provident Fund            1/31/2012                 100           Scheme (HK)                                                   142  TransGlobe Life Insurance Inc.                2/3/2012                150       143  Public Mutual Berhad                          2/3/2012                  60      144  Meiji Yasuda Asset Management Company        2/27/2012                 N/A           Ltd.                                                          145  Cathay Life Insurance Co., LTD.              2/28/2012                 150      146  Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation          2/28/2012                 100      147  Fubon Life Insurance Co. Ltd                 3/1/2012                  150      148  American International Assurance Co          3/5/2012                  150           Ltd                                                           149  Neuberger Berman Europe Limited              3/5/2012                  100      150  Khazanah Nasional Berhad                     3/7/2012                  250    151    Capital Research and Management              3/9/2012                  100           Company                                                     152    Tokio Marine Asset Management Co Ltd        3/14/2012                  N/A    153    Hana Daetoo Securities Co,Ltd               3/29/2012                  100    154    Genesis Asset Managers,LLP                  3/30/2012                  200    155    City of London Investment Management        3/30/2012                  100           Co Ltd                                                      156    JPMorgan Asset Management (UK) Ltd          3/30/2012                  N/A    157    Okasan Asset Management Co Ltd              3/30/2012                   50    158    Prescient Investment Management Pty,        4/18/2012                   50           Ltd                                                         159    Dongbu Asset Management Co.,Ltd             4/20/2012                  N/A    160    Janus Capital Management LLC                4/20/2012                  100    161    Mizuho Asset Management Co., Ltd            4/26/2012                  100    162    Henderson Global Investors Limited          4/28/2012                  N/A    163    Eurizon Capital S.A.                         5/2/2012                  N/A    164    BOCI-Prudential Asset Management Ltd         5/3/2012                  150    165    Fullerton Fund Management Company Ltd        5/4/2012                  250   *166    Lion Global Investors Ltd                    5/7/2012                   50   *167    Generali Fund Management S.A.               5/23/2012                  100    168    William Blair & Company LLC.                5/24/2012                  100    169    Investec Asset Management Ltd               5/28/2012                  N/A    170    ING Investment Management Aisa               6/4/2012                  150           Pacific (Hong Kong) Ltd                                     171    Mitsubishi UFJ Asset Management Co           6/4/2012                  N/A           Ltd                                                         172    BOC Group Life Assurance Co Ltd             7/12/2012                  200    173    Hall Capital Partners LLC                    8/6/2012                  N/A    174    Board of Regents of The University of        8/6/2012                  100           Texas System                                                175    Nan Shan Life Insurance Co Ltd               8/6/2012                  200    176    Suva                                        8/13/2012                  300    177    British Columbia Investment                 8/17/2012                  100           Management Corp                                             178    Value Partners Hong Kong Ltd                8/21/2012                  100    179    Ontario Pension Board                       8/29/2012                  150    180    The Church Pension Fund                     8/31/2012                   50    181    Macquarie Bank Ltd                           9/4/2012                  200    182    Andra AP-fonden                             9/20/2012                  N/A    183    Hai Tong Asset Management (HK) Ltd          9/20/2012                  100   *184    IDG Capital Management (HK) Ltd             9/20/2012                   60    185    Duke University                             9/24/2012                   50    186    Qatar Holding LLC                           9/25/2012                 1000    187    EFG Bank AG                                 9/26/2012                  100   *188    Cutwater Investor Services Corp            10/26/2012                  100    189    OrbiMed Advisors LLC                       10/26/2012                   50   *190    New Silk Road Investment Pte Ltd           10/26/2012                   50    191    BlackRock Asset Management North Asia      10/26/2012                  100           Ltd                                                         192    JPMorgan Asset Management Taiwan            11/5/2012                  150    193    AEGON USA Investment Management, LLC        11/5/2012                  N/A    194    CDH Investment Advisory Private             11/7/2012                  200           Limited                                                     195    Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken              11/12/2012                  N/A           AB(publ)                                                    196    Harvest Global Investments Limited         11/12/2012                  100                                                                       197    Greystone Managed Investments Inc          11/21/2012                  N/A    198    Uni-President Assets Management            11/21/2012                   50           Corporation (Taiwan)                                        199    Daiwa SB Investments Ltd                   11/19/2012                  N/A    200    APS Asset Management Pte Ltd               11/27/2012                  300    201    CITIC Securities International             12/11/2012                  100           Investment Management (HK) Limited                          202    Pacific Alliance Investment                12/11/2012                  N/A           Management (HK) Limited                                     203    E Fund Management (Hong Kong)              12/11/2012                  100           Co.,Limited                                                 204    Hillhouse Capital Management Limited       12/11/2012                  300                                                                      *205    SinoPac Securities Investment Trust        12/13/2012                  100           Co.,Ltd                                                     206    China Asset Management (Hong Kong)         12/25/2012                  100           Limited                                                     207    East Capital AB                            1/7/2013                    N/A   *208    First Securities Investment Trust          1/24/2013                    50           Co., Ltd                                                    209    Investec Asset Management Ltd              1/24/2013                   N/A    210    UBS Global Asset Management (Hong          1/24/2013                   N/A           Kong) Ltd                                                  *211    CSOP Asset Management Ltd                  1/31/2013                   100    212    EJS Investment Management S.A.             1/31/2013                   N/A   *213    Guotai Junan Assets (Asia) Ltd             2/21/2013                   100   *214    Taikang Asset Management (HK) Co Ltd       2/22/2013                   100   *215    CMS Asset Management (HK) Co, Ltd          2/22/2013                   100     N/A: not available     Sources: China Securities Regulatory Commission; State Administration of Foreign Exchange.       Figures for licences are as of Feb. 28. Figures for quotas are as of Mar. 31 and in millions of U.S. dollars.     * - Updated information   
None
404
http://www.reuters.com/article/2010/04/17/us-afghanistan-railroad-idUSTRE63G0LF20100417
Iranian engineer brings roads, rail to Afghan west
Sat Apr 17, 2010 4:47am EDT
  ARMALAK, Afghanistan The television in the corner of the port-a-cabin reception room where Ali Tavakoli Khomeini receives guests outside the Afghan city of Herat is tuned to Iran's state 24-hour news channel.Large maps of Iran and Afghanistan adorn the walls, and a portrait of Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei hangs alongside one of Afghan President Hamid Karzai. An Afghan cook arranges a spread of Persian cuisine.While the United States will soon have 100,000 troops in Afghanistan waging war against the Taliban, Iran is quietly exerting influence on its neighbor in a subtler way: through bricks and mortar, railways and road.Tavakoli, an Iranian engineer, has built some 400 km (250 miles) of highway and railroad in western Afghanistan over the last six years, paving the ancient trade routes of the Silk Road.His firm is building a dam in rural Herat, and has just finished laying foundations for a railway that could one day link south and east Asia to the Middle East and Europe, reviving some of the most important ancient overland trade routes in the world.It would reduce the cost of moving goods across the region to a fraction of that of highway transport, he said."A man who builds a path will always be granted a place in heaven by God," he says, recalling a proverb told to him 10 years ago by Saparmurat Niyazov, the then president of Turkmenistan, where Tavakoli spent eight years building roads. "That's all you want to do ... take a stone from somewhere and make a stepping-stone for someone, somewhere else."LINK TO TURKEYThe project is still delayed. A final 58 km stretch to Herat province's capital, Herat City, needs to be built by Afghanistan, according to the project's terms, and has been held up.Tavakoli predicts it could take up to another 10 years for the railroad to be completed, linking Herat to Iran's northeastern city of Mashad and on to Turkey. Iran has spent millions of dollars on development and reconstruction projects in Afghanistan, although its role is limited somewhat by U.S. policy, which restricts Iranian companies' involvement in U.S.-backed development projects.Tavakoli says he has not lost contracts because of the U.S. rules and it is not an issue he gives much thought to."I'm not a political man, I'm an engineer. I'm asked to put two and two together and come up with four," Tavakoli said. He won the tender to build the railroad from the Iranian government, after it pledged some $500 million of money for reconstruction projects in Afghanistan at a donor's conference in Japan in 2002.Herat is one of Afghanistan's safer provinces, but some districts have come under Taliban control over the past two to three years. Tavakoli says bureaucratic tardiness, rather than insecurity, presents the biggest challenge.Waiting for countersignatures on contracts means Tavakoli has had to foot the cost of projects himself. He has so far forked out $4.5 million in order to continue work on a highway at Armalak. The governor of Herat told him officials in Kabul are still waiting for Saudi Arabia to provide the funding, he says.Each time he starts a new project in Afghanistan's countryside, Tavakoli rebuilds a village of prefab offices and shipping containers at a cost of about $2 million to house his offices, technicians and construction workers.One of the biggest advantages of working in Afghanistan Tavakoli says is a cheap and work-hungry labor force. He employs 500 to 700 Afghan workers and credits himself with training skilled technicians."It's the best thing I could do: teach someone how to build a bridge so that they can go off and do it themselves."(Editing by Bill Tarrant)
Bill Tarrant
405
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/04/18/imf-g20-comments-saturday-idUSW1N0XD02W20150418
Global financial leaders speak at IMF, World Bank spring meetings
Sat Apr 18, 2015 4:45pm EDT
  WASHINGTON, April 18 For highlights of remarks by finance ministers, central bankers and other top officials gathering in Washington on Saturday for the spring meetings of the International Monetary Fund and World Bank, see .          (Compiled by Reuters' IMF/G20 team)   
None
406
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/03/12/iliad-results-ma-idUSL5N0WE1M620150312
Iliad founder Xavier Niel says French telecoms market will not consolidate
Thu Mar 12, 2015 5:20am EDT
  PARIS, March 12 Iliad founder Xavier Niel said on Thursday that he did not believe the French telecoms market would consolidate from four to three players as many investors have hoped, citing the unwillingness of Bouygues Telecom to sell."I don't think there will be consolidation... I simply do not believe it," he said on an analyst conference call.Number two player Numericable-SFR has said it would be the natural buyer of Bouygues, which has posted losses since Iliad shook up the market by entering mobile in 2012. There were also three-way talks last year between leader Orange, Iliad and Bouygues over a deal, but they fell apart on issues of price and how to divide up the company among the two buyers. The billionaire owner of Bouygues, Martin Bouygues, has also declared publicly multiple times that he does not want to sell the telecom unit that was his creation to complement his father's construction and roads businesses. In any case, Niel said no deal could take place without Iliad being involved in some way since antitrust authorities could require any other buyer to sell parts of the company to Iliad to preserve competition."If we are not the motor on this, then it will not occur," he said. "It will not happen."   (Reporting by Gwenaelle Barzic; Writing by Leila Abboud; Editing by Nicholas Vinocur)
Gwenaelle Barzic
407
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/11/18/press-digest-nyt-idUSL3N0T82J520141118
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - Nov 18
Tue Nov 18, 2014 12:46am EST
  Nov 18 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.* Federal prosecutors are wrestling with whether to file a civil fraud lawsuit against Angelo Mozilo, the former chief executive of Countrywide Financial, which was at the center of the subprime mortgage boom and bust, people briefed on the matter say. (nyti.ms/1xK5wXK) * Allergan Inc agreed on Monday to be acquired for $66 billion by Actavis Plc in a deal worth $219 a share in cash and stock. It would be the third-largest healthcare deal ever in the United States, according to Standard & Poor's Capital IQ. (nyti.ms/1AaMrRS) * SunEdison Inc and its publicly traded power plant subsidiary, TerraForm, said on Monday that they would buy First Wind, a leading developer and operator of wind farms, for $2.4 billion. (nyti.ms/1xyT4MM) * The United States Marshals Service announced on Monday that it would auction 50,000 Bitcoins, worth around $19 million, seized in connection with the now-defunct online bazaar Silk Road. (nyti.ms/1xhoqq5)* Goldman Sachs Group Inc executives will again come in for a grilling at a congressional hearing this Thursday. Two of the bank's executives, along with executives from JPMorgan Chase & Co and Morgan Stanley, will appear at a hearing that will examine the role that Wall Street banks play in the commodities markets. (nyti.ms/1uowpzh)     (Compiled by Rama Venkat Raman in Bangalore)
None
408
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/05/22/yiwu-international-idUSnBw225280a%2B100%2BBSW20150522
Yiwu Imported Commodities Fair: A New Attempt in Import Trade
Fri May 22, 2015 9:00am EDT
    Yiwu Imported Commodities Fair: A New Attempt in Import Trade         The fourth Yiwu Imported Commodities Fair is scheduled to run at the        Yiwu International Expo Centre on 4th-7th June, 2015. Covering an area        of 5,000 square meters, the fair has the capacity to cater to 2,000        booths.             The fair aims to facilitate the increasing import into China by        providing sellers from all across the world access to connect with        buyers (local and foreign) in the Zhejiang Province of China. Zhejiang        is an economic powerhouse and a center for International Trade. The fair        is considered to be the world’s largest in its category (import fair for        small commodities), which is endorsed by the United Nations and the        World Bank. In the past three years, the fair has resulted in the sale        of over 2 million types of small commodities from over 100 countries.             China has established its presence as a dominant economic powerhouse by        focusing on high-growth investments in its manufacturing sector in order        to become one of the leading exporting nations in the world. This        hyper-growth period has led to the rise of a large middle-class Chinese        population which demands an influx of foreign goods which are superior        in quality and offer more options for the consumers.             China’s growing demand for imported goods is supported by a series of        Governmental, economic and public policies. For example, President Xi        Jingping of China is inviting countries from across the world to        participate in the visionary “One Belt, One Road” initiative, which,        inspired by the Silk Road, will link China to Europe through a singular        route in order to promote regional connectivity and minimize trade        barriers.             Over the next five years, China will promote trade and economic growth        in all Asia by importing more than US$10 trillion worth of goods.        President Xi Jingping is also focusing on radical public policy changes        which will aim to shift economic power from the hands of Governments and        private corporate institutions into the hands of individual households.        This will lead to a radical shift in purchasing power and give rise to a        larger demand for commodities in China.             For registration or more details, please contact +86-579-85415888 or        Email: import@yiwufair.com, trade@yiwufair.com,        service@yiwufair.com. You can        also visit the website www.importfair.cn/en/        .         View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20150522005280/en/        Yiwu International Commodities Fair Co., ltdMedia RelationsWilliam        Zhong, +86-579-85415475zy@yiwufair.com      
None
409
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/02/05/us-usa-bitcoin-trial-idUSKBN0L82H920150205
Accused Silk Road operator convicted on U.S. drug charges
Wed Feb 4, 2015 7:44pm EST
  NEW YORK The suspected mastermind behind the underground website Silk Road was convicted on narcotics and other charges on Wednesday for his role in orchestrating a scheme that enabled around $200 million of anonymous online drug sales using bitcoins.Ross Ulbricht, 30, was found guilty by a Manhattan federal jury on all seven counts he faced after a closely watched four-week trial spilling out of U.S. investigations of the use of the bitcoin digital currency for drug trafficking and other crimes.The jury of six men and six women needed a little over three hours to deliberate before finding Ulbricht guilty of charges that included conspiracies to commit money laundering, computer hacking and drug trafficking.Ulbricht, who prosecutors say went by the alias Dread Pirate Roberts in a reference to the 1987 movie "The Princess Bride," faces up to life in prison and a mandatory minimum term of 20 years. His sentencing was scheduled for May 15.Ulbricht has attracted many supporters to his cause, including some who say the government's case is an attack on Internet freedom.After the verdict was read, Ulbricht turned toward his supporters and raised his hand as he was led from the court. "Ross is a hero," shouted one supporter wearing dreadlocks.Joshua Dratel, Ulbricht's lawyer, said he would appeal. He said he was too limited in presenting evidence and that Ulbricht had been convicted based on statements not attributed by name to his client."It's very disappointing," he said. DARK WEBManhattan U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara said Ulbricht's conviction should send a message to anyone attempting to operate an online criminal enterprise."The supposed anonymity of the dark web is not a protective shield from arrest and prosecution," he said.Silk Road operated from at least January 2011 until October 2013, when authorities seized the website and arrested Ulbricht at a public library in San Francisco. The website relied on the so-called Tor network, which lets users communicate anonymously, and accepted payment through bitcoins, which according to prosecutors allowed users to conceal their identities and locations.By the time it was shut down, Silk Road had generated nearly $213.9 million in sales and $13.2 million in commissions, prosecutors said.They said Ulbricht took extreme steps to protect Silk Road, soliciting the murders of several people who posed a threat. No evidence exists that the murders were carried out. 'FALL GUY'Ulbricht conceded that he created Silk Road, and his lawyer Dratel said it was intended as a "freewheeling, free market site" where all but a few harmful items could be sold.But Dratel said Ulbricht's "economic experiment" eventually became too stressful for him, so he handed it off to others. He was lured back toward its end, he said, becoming the "fall guy" for its true operators.At trial, Dratel sought to raise questions in jurors' minds about whether someone else, such as Mark Karpeles, the former chief of the failed Mt. Gox bitcoin exchange, was operating Silk Road for much of its existence.Karpeles was never charged and has denied involvement with Silk Road. Although a federal agent told jurors he had been investigating Karpeles, U.S. District Judge Katherine Forrest later struck much of that testimony as improper.Prosecutors said the Dread Pirate Roberts alias itself was a cover story intended to suggest the name could be passed to others, as happened in "The Princess Bride."They also said Ulbricht was arrested in October 2013 while logged into Silk Road on his laptop as Dread Pirate Roberts, chatting with an undercover federal investigator posing as a member of the website's staff.The case is U.S. v. Ulbricht, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 13-06919.
None
410
http://www.reuters.com/article/2011/08/09/us-china-economy-stimulus-idUSTRE7780R620110809
Analysis: Don't bank on China to reprise 2008 global savior role
Tue Aug 9, 2011 9:42am EDT
  BEIJING China is still nursing a hangover from its 2008 stimulus spending spree and may be reluctant to kick off another big round, leaving less potent options on the table should the global economy tilt toward a cliff.Just two weeks ago, economists were banking on at least one more interest rate rise from the People's Bank of China this year because inflation remained hot. Indeed, Tuesday's figures showed it hit a fresh three-year high at 6.5 percent.But the worsening global economic outlook has many people predicting a policy about-face. Asia's stock markets tumbled on Tuesday as investors fretted over the risk of another U.S. recession and deepening debt crisis in Europe."It's time for Beijing to announce to the whole world that it will try to stimulate domestic demand again," said Tang Yunfei, an analyst with Founder Securities in Beijing.China's fiscal firepower is not in doubt. With $3.2 trillion in reserves and low public debt, China could afford to kick up spending, but the side effect would be worsening inflation when prices are already rising too fast for comfort.Beijing is particularly sensitive to inflation because relentlessly rising prices can stoke social unrest, which could be dangerous for the Communist Party.Besides, the last round of stimulus in 2008 caused more than a few headaches that linger today. Beijing encouraged banks to lend freely to government projects such as railways, airports and roads. Some of the loans have soured, and local government defaults now pose one of the biggest threats to China's growth.Local government liabilities amount to nearly 27 percent of China's total annual output, so if the state is forced to mop up those bad loans its deep pockets would look a bit more shallow.That means China would most likely rely on more modest measures if the economic outlook deteriorates. Possible steps include cutting taxes for small- and medium-sized businesses, ramping up investment in affordable housing, altering bank lending rules to get more money into the hands of smaller companies, and lowering interest rates."We are still digesting the mess of the 2008 stimulus package," said Yu Xuejun, local head of China's banking regulator in Jiangsu province. "It's unrealistic to hope that China will come to the rescue of the global economy this time." 'SAFE HAVEN'In 2008, when the Lehman Brothers bankruptcy triggered a sharp global slide, China was among the first in the world to implement a large-scale stimulus package, pouring 4 trillion yuan into the economy.Local governments borrowed heavily from banks to cover their share of the stimulus, leading to an explosion of debt estimated at 10.7 trillion yuan. Some economists think as much as a quarter of that total could end up in default.The burst of spending helped China lead the economic recovery that began in 2009. But if it comes to reprising that role, banks may be leery of lending to government investment projects again given the well-publicized problem loans, said Vincent Chan, a research analyst at Credit Suisse in Hong Kong.With property prices already high, the government will have to be careful not to overstimulate, he said. "China may again be seen as a 'safe haven' as in late 2008, but this time its ability to rely on the old credit-cum-investment model to get out of trouble will be hindered by many more constraints," Chan said. "Investors should not expect a repeat of the 2009 China market performance any time soon."Investment now amounts to almost half China's gross domestic product, up from 41 percent in 2008 when Beijing ramped up spending for the Olympics. In the decade before that, the ratio of investment to GDP averaged a relatively modest 36 percent.Ting Lu, an economist with Bank of America-Merrill Lynch in Hong Kong, said if there is another recession in the United States, China could respond by allocating more money for social housing or infrastructure."I don't think they would announce a big investment program as in 2008," Lu said.That suggests it will be the central bank doing the heavy lifting if conditions do worsen. Tang, the Founder Securities analyst, said it was "worrisome" that the PBOC still insisted that inflation, not growth, posed the biggest economic risk."If Beijing does not change the tone of its policy until the end of this year, it might be too late," he said.But other economists argued that China's economy is still growing at an annual rate well above 9 percent, and it is less reliant on U.S. and European exports for growth than it was just a few years ago."As the global market is in turmoil, the last thing we need is panic," said Zuo Chuanchang, a researcher with the Academy of Macroeconomic Research, a think-tank under China's economic planning agency.Zuo said Beijing would not be in a hurry to announce any policy relaxation.Ben Simpfendorfer, an economist and managing director at Silk Road Associates in Beijing, said China's economy looks quite different from in 2008.Inflation expectations are higher, making it riskier for the PBOC to relent on rate hikes, the housing market is strong, and state firms are still investing heavily. Indeed, he said there were no obvious signs of a dramatic and worrisome slowdown that would warrant a strong response from Beijing."At this point, I think any sort of easing would be dangerous," Simpfendorfer said.(Additional reporting by Cathy Yang in Hong Kong and Zhou Xin, Langi Chiang and Aileen Wang in Beijing; editing by Vidya Ranganathan)
None
411
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/01/22/us-usa-bitcoins-lasvegas-idUSBREA0L00M20140122
Two Las Vegas casinos to accept virtual bitcoin currency
Tue Jan 21, 2014 7:14pm EST
  Two Las Vegas casino hotels will become the first known U.S. commercial gambling houses to allow the use of the unregulated digital payment system, bitcoin, casino officials said on Tuesday.The co-owned Golden Gate Hotel and Casino and The D Las Vegas Casino Hotel will begin accepting bitcoins on Wednesday as payment for hotel rooms and related purchases, casino officials said in a statement.Bitcoin is an online currency bought and sold on a peer-to-peer network that is independent of central authority.The D will also accept the virtual currency at its gift shop, the American Coney Island restaurant and Joe Vicari's Andiamo Italian Steakhouse. "Downtown has really become a technology hub for all of Las Vegas," Derek Stevens, co-owner and chief operating officer for both casinos, told Reuters. "I think it is fitting that the Golden Gate and The D are the first hotels to offer (bitcoin)."Stevens said patrons increasingly had requested to use bitcoins over the past year. By becoming the first known casino hotels to accept the virtual currency, he hoped to attract customers unable to spend bitcoins at other local businesses."I think that this is a technology where early adopters have an advantage," he said. The casinos will install iPads at cashier stations and use the online platform BitPay to process the currency, which can be loaded into a virtual wallet and used with a mobile device.Since its launch in early 2009, bitcoin has gained popularity with people who lack confidence in conventional banking. Bitcoins have a value determined by the demand for them. This month, the Sacramento Kings basketball team became the first U.S. professional sports franchise to allow purchases with bitcoins, and Overstock.com reported being the first major retailer to accept the online currency.BitPay, which enables merchants to allow bitcoins as payment by converting them into U.S. currency, processed more than $100 million worth of transactions in 2013.The currency has also raised concerns about its potential use in laundering money and for other illegal purposes. Last week, Bitcoin forfeited roughly $27,000 worth of the currency to federal authorities because the funds belonged to the anonymous online black market Silk Road.(Editing by Cynthia Johnston and Andre Grenon)
Cynthia Johnston and Andre Grenon
412
http://www.reuters.com/article/2012/10/09/myanmar-property-idUSL3E8L911S20121009
New index puts Yangon property prices up 39 pct this year
Tue Oct 9, 2012 5:50am EDT
  Oct 9 As Myanmar opens up, speculators have raced into its property market, real estate prices have soared and foreign investors are hunting for office and factory space. Now, for the first time, an index shows just how much prices are climbing.The Silk Road Yangon Property Index (SYPIX), which measures the average price per square foot of residential property in Yangon, the commercial capital, rose 39 percent in the first nine months of the year. One square foot now costs $85.The index is compiled by a unit of Silk Road Finance, an investment bank operating in frontier markets. Foreign interest in Myanmar has soared since the end of military rule in 2011, with a period of rapid economic and political reform under President Thein Sein.Residential property prices are not alone in their surge. Silk Road said hotel rates in Yangon had risen 65 percent this year, the biggest increase in the global hospitality industry and a trend that prompted the government to introduce a cap on room rates in foreign-owned hotels in June. Office rental rates have also increased, rising 50 percent this year. Prices in downtown Yangon are now in excess of $50 per square metre a month.According to Silk Road, the total office space available in Yangon -- 63,000 square metres -- represents less than 1 percent of that available in the Thai capital of Bangkok.   (Reporting By Paul Carsten; Editing by Alan Raybould & Kim Coghill)
Paul Carsten
413
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/09/24/india-autos-antitrust-idUSL3N0RM06X20140924
Anti-trust order clears road for India's generic car parts market
Wed Sep 24, 2014 6:00pm EDT
  NEW DELHI, Sept 25 Thousands of tiny shops in India's biggest auto components market do brisk business selling a bewildering array of spare parts for about a third of the official price charged by the likes of Toyota Motor Co  or Volkswagen AG.Generic parts sold by traders in places like old Delhi's Kashmere Gate market account for about a sixth of India's $6.6 billion after-sales components sector, IHS Automotive estimates, but a recent move by regulators could boost that share.Just as India has become a global hub for the manufacture of cheaper copycat medicines, the Competition Commission's ruling last month requiring car makers to supply parts more widely could encourage the production and sale of non-certified generic components in the world's sixth largest auto market."We have the ability to make good quality products, we have our techniques and this is our chance to prove it," said trader Umesh Seth, sitting in a poky store where hundreds of sheet metal parts wrapped in transparent plastic are piled on racks. "It is about time we get an equal opportunity."The Competition Commission's ruling has irked auto majors, who argue that a proliferation of cheap copycat components will undermine the safety and reputation of their brands.In developed markets such as Europe or North America, sundry spares like oil filters, spark plugs or shock absorbers are available from a variety of suppliers, keeping competition keen.But in markets such as China and India, global car makers have maintained tighter control over the supply and price of spares, selling them through a limited network of vendors.While car makers and their authorised dealers cite safety as the main reason, this practice has also allowed them to protect hefty margins on parts and repairs, while inflating the cost of car ownership for consumers.Regulators are now ending all that and the crackdown in India follows a wider, ongoing probe in China where some part makers are being investigated for colluding to keep prices high."I would like it if there is competition for the car companies," said Nirav Savla, a 29-year-old businessman from Mumbai who drives a Toyota Innova. "For small parts, I do not need to go to them."SAFETY HAZARD In the Kashmere Gate market, a maze of lanes and alleyways lined with men loading handcarts with spares tightly packed in sacks, a generic set of headlights for Hyundai Motor Co's  Santro hatchback costs 1,500 rupees ($24.65), less than half the price of the manufacturers' original."There are all kinds of customers and we have something for every pocket," said a maker of generic bearings used in commercial vehicles. "They are smart enough to know which local parts are good quality and which ones are not."Some car makers argue that generic parts are often made with inferior quality materials, undermining performance and making them potentially hazardous, and there is need for safety standards for generics in the after-market before it is opened."Blindly following the West in one aspect without plugging the other gaps is not the solution," said Jnaneswar Sen, senior vice president sales and marketing at Honda Motor Co's  Indian unit, one of 14 car makers fined a total of $420 million.Besides the penalty in August, the anti-trust regulator also directed car makers - including Honda, Ford Motor Co, Maruti Suzuki India Ltd and Tata Motors Ltd  - to start providing spare parts more widely.Some of the companies have decided to challenge the order. "Today you either have counterfeit parts or you have sub-standard parts," said Sen. "We are not against competition but customer safety also cannot be ignored."The auto makers say conditions in the Indian market cannot be compared with mature markets such as the European Union, where tighter regulation promotes both competition and safety.Michael Mayer, director of passenger cars at Volkswagen India Pvt Ltd, said he expected the Indian market "will now go through a development phase"."If we put the cart before the horse we will be seriously compromising on safety," Vikram Kirloskar, vice chairman of Toyota Kirloskar, the Japanese auto maker's local unit, told an industry conference this month.Authorised parts makers like Bosch Ltd and SKF India Ltd that supply auto makers agree that safety regulation is key."It is always a question of trust in the automotive after-market and if it does not have guidelines you do not know what you are measuring against," said Gunter Weber, regional president, automotive after-market at Bosch. The prize is large. India's overall auto components market - including certified makers who supply direct to manufacturers - is worth $35 billion annually and estimated to more than double by 2020 to $85 billion.Generic parts are typically supplied by local companies making copies of the original, or imported from countries such China and Taiwan. Some certified component makers who supply to car makers also sell in the after-sales market.According to traders, some certified suppliers circumvent restrictive agreements with car makers that do not allow them to sell in the after-market by re-packaging the same products as generic.GOOD REVENUE SOURCECar ownership in India almost doubled to about 25 million by end-2013 from five years earlier, and the country is set to be the world's third-largest car market by 2018, IHS estimates.In India, people tend to own cars for longer periods compared with other markets and poor road conditions mean higher maintenance costs, Puneet Gupta, senior analyst at IHS says.Buyers who have stretched themselves financially to purchase a car often struggle with maintenance costs.Spare parts and repairs are a good revenue source for car makers, contributing about 10-20 percent of the total, analyst estimates show. The anti-trust watchdog found prices of some spares had been inflated by as much as 3,000 percent above cost.The high price of spares and services partly compensate for the salesroom discounts that companies have been forced to offer in recent years due to cooling demand.Seth, who is also a spokesman for a trade body that represents 5,000 sellers and suppliers in the Kashmere Gate market, says that while repairs are best left to experts as cars become more complex, for parts customers should have a choice between the original and generic."Both can sustain and survive in co-existence," he said. ($1 = 60.78 Indian rupee)   (Additional reporting by Aman Shah in Mumbai; Editing by Alex Richardson)
None
414
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/03/04/turkey-cenbank-idUSL5N0W645A20150304
UPDATE 2-Turkey seeks to calm U.S. investor nerves as lira plunges
Wed Mar 4, 2015 6:30pm EST
  * Investors concerned about Erdogan pressure on central bank* Uncertainty about future economic team also weighs* U.S. investors hold more than a fifth of main stock index* Turkish lira hits latest in series of record lows   (Adds investor comment on meeting; adds NEW YORK to dateline and adds byline)By Orhan Coskun, Daren Butler and Daniel BasesANKARA/ISTANBUL/NEW YORK, March 4 (Reuters) - Turkey's prime minister and his economic team sought on Wednesday to calm the nerves of top investors in New York who hold more than 20 percent of the main Istanbul stock index, after President Tayyip Erdogan's tirades against the central bank helped send the lira to record lows.Erdogan has repeatedly attacked the bank over its failure to cut interest rates as sharply as he wants ahead of a June general election, telling its governor and Deputy Prime Minister Ali Babacan, who is in charge of the economy, to "shape up".His comments have fuelled uncertainty about the future of both Babacan, an anchor of investor confidence, and bank Governor Erdem Basci. Ministers have tried to reassure markets that neither is about to quit.The lira dropped to an all-time low of 2.5705 against the dollar as Economy Minister Nihat Zeybekci, an Erdogan loyalist not among the New York delegation, renewed calls for sharper rate cuts.The central bank has price stability as its core mandate, and it fears, along with most economists, that sharp interest rate cuts would stoke inflation, already running well above the bank's 5 percent target. Babacan, Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu and Finance Minister Mehmet Simsek attended a luncheon organised by Goldman Sachs.Davutoglu spoke for nearly half an hour to about 50 investors and bankers, rehashing past achievements and reforms, said one source who attended the luncheon but spoke on condition of anonymity."They were trying to explain their position and how they are coping with Europe's downturn and the complex neighbourhood they are located in for their problems. These guys are essentially fighting the business cycle," said the source, a top veteran emerging market investor."He was asked about the bashing of the central bank governor, and deflected the question, saying other countries, including places like Germany, criticise the central bank," the source said.Other meetings scheduled are with Citi and Bank of America Merrill Lynch, on Wednesday and Thursday, officials in the prime minister's office said. "It seemed a non-deal road show of sorts, like they were trying to dissipate the impact of Erdogan," said a second source.The investors they will meet hold an estimated 22 percent of Turkey's top-100 share index, according to Isik Okte, investment strategist at Istanbul-based TEB Invest."The impact on the economy of President Erdogan's statements is triggering concern," one senior Turkish economy official told Reuters ahead of the meetings.Sentiment toward the lira was not helped by data on Tuesday showing annual inflation rising to 7.44 percent, sharply above the bank's 5 percent target, limiting its room to cut rates as sharply as Erdogan wants.Commenting on the data, the bank said core inflation indicators had continued to improve. Economists expect it to trim its policy rate by a further 25 basis points at its next meeting on March 17, if the lira does not tumble sharply. CENTRAL BANK'S HANDS TIEDWith the lira repeatedly hitting new lows and the dollar expected to keep strengthening, the central bank's hands appear tied. Reluctant to hike interest rates, it also so far has not significantly increased its dollar sales to the market, an option it has used in the past to defend the currency.The lira's falls have filtered through into equities, with the main Istanbul stock index falling 2.6 percent to its lowest level in 11 weeks.Erdogan's pressure for rate cuts is driven by flagging economic growth, which slowed to 1.7 percent year-on-year in the third quarter and is now expected to amount to around 3 percent in 2014 as a whole, below a 4 percent target.His rhetoric is popular with a class of businessmen who have thrived on cheap loans and political stability over the past decade and have formed the bedrock of support in his successive election victories, meaning pressure on the central bank is unlikely to ease before the June vote.The debate on rates is not the only source of market nerves.Ratings agency Standard & Poor's said last month's management takeover by regulators of Islamic lender Bank Asya  showed the potential for political risks to spill over into the financial system.But it said the June parliamentary election, at which Erdogan wants the ruling AK Party to secure a stronger majority to help him create a full presidential system, should not pose a particular source of risk for banks.   (Additional reporting by Nevzat Devranoglu in Istanbul; Writing by Daren Butler; Editing by Nick Tattersall, Anna Willard, Giles Elgood and Leslie Adler)
None
415
http://www.reuters.com/article/2009/05/15/afghanistan-tourism-japanese-idUSSP45938820090515
Bringing Japanese hospitality to an Afghan valley
Thu May 14, 2009 10:43pm EDT
  BAMIYAN, Afghanistan May 15 (Reuters Life!) - Hiromi Yasui first came to Afghanistan to photograph a bloody civil war, but a decade later found herself betting on peace to build a high-end hotel in a tiny valley that was once the country's tourist gem. The Silk Road Hotel in Bamiyan is an unlikely find at the end of a bone-jarring, nine-hour drive on dirt roads from the capital Kabul. The hotel offers authentic Japanese food, immaculate rooms, electricity round the clock and wireless Internet. It looks out across green fields and a traditional mud fort to cliffs honeycombed with caves that once held two ancient, giant Buddhas, blown up by the hardline Islamist Taliban in 2001. Yasui decided to settle in Afghanistan after she married an Afghan and her parents died, loosening her ties to her homeland. Still a part-time journalist for Japan's Kyodo news agency, she is based in Kabul during winter months when the hotel closes, but also wanted a slower pace of life than reporting allows. "I like Afghanistan very much and this is the best tourist place," she told Reuters in the hotel's cosy dining room, decorated with traditional Afghan fabrics. It took four years to build and furnish the 13-room hotel, because the harsh weather means it is only possible to work for around six months a year and Yasui is a perfectionist. The hotel opened in 2007. Some of the furniture came from as far as Dubai and Pakistan, and all the towels are Japanese.  Together with costs like diesel for the generator, the investment pushes room prices up to $120 for a double, a small fortune for the area -- but relatively affordable for the mix of foreign diplomats, aid workers and journalists who come for work or on a break from dusty, hectic Kabul. The country's first and only national park is nearby and the area is dotted with historic sites. The valley is also one of Afghanistan's most peaceful areas because its population, ethnic Hazaras, were fiercely persecuted by the Taliban, so have not provided bases for an insurgency gathering strength in other areas. "NOTHING BUT INSURGENTS"  Yasui shrugged off worries about her own safety, and that of her hotel. Japan seems more unstable when she goes back to visit, she said. "Now when I go home, I can't believe it, children kill their parents or kill some passerby...Here in Afghanistan we have nothing like that, just insurgents," she said with a smile. Because of security worries, there was no advertising the hotel's launch, but it has been packed from the start, sometimes running at 130 percent as visitors turned up with security guards and had to cram four people into the two-bed rooms. The nearest competition has equally spectacular views but spartan, grubby rooms that are not much cheaper.  And the restaurant adds to the attraction. Yasui returns from her native Kyoto with suitcases full of the Japanese ingredients that go into each night's dinner. The female staff initially applied for jobs at The Silk Road out of desperation, as working at a hotel is regarded in the local community as barely a step removed from prostitution. But Yasui said training these women has been one of the biggest, unexpected pleasures of her own job. "Most of the ladies had no food at the beginning, because their men didn't have a job. Now most of them have land, are saving money and hope to build a house," Yasui said. "This is my happiness, I could see lives changing."(www.silkroadbamiyan.com/) (Editing by Miral Fahmy)    
Miral Fahmy
416
http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/02/13/kuwait-development-idUSL5N0B64B920130213
MIDEAST MONEY-After big delays, Kuwait moves ahead on infrastructure
Wed Feb 13, 2013 9:00am EST
  * Infrastructure contracts awarded after years of inaction* Causeway to be built by Hyundai for $2.6 billion* Aims to boost trade, revive north of the country* First big public-private partnership signed* Political, administrative hurdles haven't disappearedBy Sylvia Westall and Ahmed HagagyKUWAIT, Feb 13 (Reuters) - Freight trucks trundle down the dusty, potholed roads of Kuwait's busiest port, running into traffic jams as they emerge into the surrounding streets. But after years of inaction, the government is finally moving to ease the congestion.It is pushing ahead with a $2.6 billion plan to build a 36 km (22 mile) causeway, one of the longest in the world, connecting Shuwaikh port and densely populated southern Kuwait with the north of the country, near the Iraqi border.Such big projects were stalled for years by political wrangling and bureaucratic inertia, leaving Kuwait with underdeveloped infrastructure and low levels of foreign investment in relation to its huge oil wealth.In the last few months, however, authorities have begun issuing contracts for some of the projects, raising hopes that one of the region's most under-performing economies may finally live up to its potential.The government signed a contract with South Korea's Hyundai Engineering and Construction Co in November to design and build the causeway over the next five years. Construction is due to start later this year."It is a very strategic project - we have been talking about this since the 1970s," Abdulaziz Alkulaib, undersecretary at the Ministry of Public Works, told Reuters.Last month, Kuwait signed a deal with a consortium led by France's GDF-Suez, and including Sumitomo Corp  of Japan, to build the Az Zour gas-fired power and seawater treatment plant in Kuwait.This was seen as a breakthrough because it is the first of Kuwait's major public-private partnerships, in which private firms will help to operate infrastructure. Once running in 2015, the plant is to account for some 12 percent of Kuwait's power generation capacity and a quarter of desalination capacity. "It has taken a long time for these projects to begin, but this is an encouraging step," said Daniel Kaye, senior manager for economic research at National Bank of Kuwait (NBK)."It sends a positive signal to businesses and investors that projects are at last moving."UNDERSPENDINGThe causeway and Az Zour projects are part of a 30 billion dinar ($107 billion) development plan that aims to diversify the economy and was approved by the ruling emir, Sheikh Sabah al-Ahmad al-Sabah, in 2010. The plan also includes a new airport terminal, an oil refinery, a metro system and hospitals.In the fiscal year 2010/11, the first year of the plan, the government spent only 62 percent of its target on the projects, and it has continued to undershoot targets since then.One reason is the technical and administrative difficulties of carrying out complex projects through a government which lacks experience, expertise and a reputation for efficiency. Politics have been an even bigger obstacle. Continual feuding between an elected legislature and the cabinet, chosen by a prime minister who is appointed by Sheikh Sabah, blocked parliamentary approval of development funds and led to a series of cabinet reshuffles which distracted from policymaking.Last year the country was rocked by large youth- and opposition-led demonstrations demanding political reforms. The protests did not constitute an Arab Spring-style campaign for regime change, but they also distracted the government.In the past few months, however, the environment for economic policy-making has improved. After parliament was dissolved ahead of snap elections on Dec. 1, the government was able to use executive powers to push through a raft of legislative measures and approvals.Opposition MPs, some of whom had blocked state spending in the past, boycotted the elections. The result was a new 50-seat parliament with a larger number of pro-government legislators and political newcomers, who may be more willing to comply with the cabinet's plans.Government officials are certainly adopting a considerably more decisive tone."This is in the master plan and it is set out by emiri decree. Whatever is in that master plan has to be implemented," Alkulaib said of the causeway project. Such statements are cheering the stock market, where the main index sank to an eight-year low last November but has since climbed about 12 percent.OBSTACLESThe new mood of optimism does not necessarily mean the government will get an easy ride for its projects. Political tensions have not disappeared and street protests have continued since the December elections, presenting the risk that political turmoil could eventually worsen again.A majority of lawmakers in the new parliament voted last week to form a special committee to probe the process under which the contacts for the causeway and Az Zour were awarded; the committee is expected to reach a conclusion in three months.NBK's Kaye said it was important not to get carried away about prospects for investment in Kuwait because there were still political, technical and administrative hurdles."But we do now detect a greater determination on the part of the authorities to push ahead with key development projects."Kuwaiti economists say the causeway, which will cut the road distance between the north and south of Kuwait by two-thirds, will help to develop the neglected north of the country, where an urban area called Silk City is planned."Urbanisation in Kuwait is located in the southern coastal area but there is planned urbanisation in the northern region as part of the plan," said Abbas al-Muqrin, professor of economics at the University of Kuwait."The shortcut to gain access to this area will revive the region economically."Silk City's name recalls the Silk Road, the web of trade routes which linked Europe and Asia centuries ago, and the project is designed to form part of a trade hub near a planned new port, Mubarak al-Kabeer. Some economists think the port could eventually become a rival to Iraq's Umm Qasr.Kuwaiti authorities hope Silk City will become home to around 530,000 people, or about 14 percent of the country's current population."The causeway will create new chances for people to work there and live there," senior project engineer Mai Ebrahim al-Mesad said. "It will be a signature for Kuwait."
None
417
http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/11/03/us-china-xinjiang-idUSBRE9A20GS20131103
In China's Xinjiang, poverty, exclusion are greater threat than Islam
Sun Nov 3, 2013 4:16pm EST
  URUMQI, China In the dirty backstreets of the Uighur old quarter of Xinjiang's capital Urumqi in China's far west, Abuduwahapu frowns when asked what he thinks is the root cause of the region's festering problem with violence and unrest."The Han Chinese don't have faith, and the Uighurs do. So they don't really understand each other," he said, referring to the Muslim religion the Turkic-speaking Uighur people follow, in contrast to the official atheism of the ruling Communist Party.But for the teenage bread delivery boy, it's not Islam that's driving people to commit acts of violence, such as last week's deadly car crash in Beijing's Tiananmen Square - blamed by the government on Uighur Islamist extremists who want independence."Some people there support independence and some do not. Mostly, those who support it are unsatisfied because they are poor," said Abuduwahapu, who came to Urumqi two years ago from the heavily Uighur old Silk Road city of Kashgar in Xinjiang's southwest, near the Pakistani and Afghan border."The Han are afraid of Uighers. They are afraid if we had guns, we would kill them," he said, standing next to piles of smoldering garbage on plots of land where buildings have been demolished.China's claims that it is fighting an Islamist insurgency in energy-rich Xinjiang - a vast area of deserts, mountains and forests geographically located in central Asia - are not new.A decade ago, China used the 9/11 attacks in the United States to justify getting tough with what it said were al Qaeda-backed extremists who wanted to bring similar carnage to Xinjiang.For many Chinese, the rather benign view of Xinjiang which existed in China pre-September 11, 2001 - as an exotic frontier with colorful minorities who love dancing and singing - has been replaced with suspicion. China says al Qaeda and others work with the East Turkestan Islamic Movement, in Beijing's eyes the foremost terror group in Xinjiang, and spraypaints warnings on walls against Hizb ut-Tahrir, a supranational group that says its goal is to establish a pan-national Muslim state.The incident on Tiananmen Square has only added to China's unease."The Han seem to be afraid of us. I don't know why. They won't tell us," said a 22-year-old Uighur man who runs a shoe and clothing shop a stone's throw from an armed police training ground in Urumqi.SECURITY CRACKDOWN Since 2001 - a process that started arguably even before - China has conducted a sweeping security crackdown in Xinjiang, further repressing Uighur culture, religious tradition and language, rights groups say, despite strong government denials of offering the Uighurs anything but wide-ranging freedoms.Some Uighurs believe their only alternative may be to draw closer to Islam, and by doing so, further the distance between themselves and the Communist Party and the Han Chinese.While many Uighur women in Urumqi dress in much the same casual fashions as their Han counterparts, others have begun to wear full veils, something more common in Pakistan or Afghanistan than Xinjiang."It's only since the state has been repressing religious practices in Xinjiang so hard, that ironically it has caused Uighur Muslims to re-traditionalize, to re-Islamise at a very rapid rate now," said Joanne Smith Finley, a lecturer in Chinese studies at Britain's Newcastle University who studies Xinjiang. "There is no tradition in Xinjiang of any kind of radical Islamism," she added.The government has recognized the economic roots of some of the problems, and has poured money into development in the form of schools, hospitals and roads. To be sure, incomes have risen, especially in the countryside where many Uighurs live.Annual rural incomes averaged a little under 6,400 yuan ($1,000) a year in 2012, up some 15 percent on the previous year, though this is still 1,500 yuan less than the national average and more than 11,000 yuan less than Shanghai's rural residents, the country's richest.Discrimination against Uighurs in the job market - including employment advertisements saying "no Uighurs accepted" - is another issue, despite government attempts to end this.Ilham Tohti, an ethnic Uighur economist based in China and a longtime critic of Chinese policy toward Xinjiang, told Reuters he feared the Tiananmen incident would only lead to more repression and discrimination, further fanning the flames."Whatever happens, this will have a long-term and far-reaching impact on Uighurs, and will cause great harm. It will only worsen the obstacles Uighurs face in Han-dominated society," he said.($1 = 6.0995 Chinese yuan)(Additional reporting by Megha Rajagopalan and Adam Rose in BEIJING; Writing by Ben Blanchard; Editing by Ian Geoghegan)
None
418
http://www.reuters.com/article/2011/07/20/us-trade-resources-curbs-idUSTRE76J12X20110720
Analysis: WTO row spotlights nations clamping down on resources
Wed Jul 20, 2011 2:31am EDT
  NEW DELHI Countries from India and Indonesia to Russia are tightening their grip on natural resources as they limit exports to build up domestic industry in a trend that will spawn many challenges to World Trade Organization rules.Export barriers are tightening on commodities ranging from food and coal to iron ore and coveted rare earths that have critical roles in high-tech devices as countries harden positions on what they see as a sovereign right to development.The WTO ruled this month that China broke trade laws when it curbed exports of coveted raw materials, a verdict that seemed to cast a doubt over nations' right to control and use raw materials on their soil.Between October last year and April 2011, at least 30 new export curbs were imposed by countries such as China, India and Vietnam, up from 25 slapped on during the previous 12 months, the WTO said in a report in June."Every country is trying to conserve its resources," R.N. Patra, head of India's state-run rare earths company, IREL, told Reuters. "It is their right how they want to use them."Indonesia had raised the floor price of coal, Australia had a levy on a minimum price, and even the United States had restrictions on the export of 10 elements, Patra added."This did not exist a few years ago. But in the future there will be greater competition for resources."ECONOMIC RECOVERY TO DRIVE BATTLEAs the world economy recovers from its slowdown, that battle for resources will only intensify, analysts said, although, for now, many producing countries need the income from exports to plug large fiscal deficits.Export curbs run the gamut from taxes to restrictive quotas and outright bans.For example, India has a 20 percent export tax on iron ore and controls grain exports; Indonesia's curbs include giving priority to domestic demand for gas and coal and export taxes on cocoa and palm while Mongolia, a potential source of rare earths, is talking about an export tax on ores. Increased export curbs by developing countries stem from short-term protectionist motives rather than long-term industrial policy, said Razeen Sally, director of the European Center for International Political Economy, a think-tank based in Brussels."There is a trend and a copying effect going on -- when China does it, other will do it too -- but I do not think this makes economic sense at all," Sally told Reuters."We can expect more cases to come to the WTO as we see many more of these restrictions. The case against China is important in the sense that it sends a signal that countries don't have carte blanche when it comes to export restrictions."BUILDING DOMESTIC INDUSTRYChina has faced pressure over export limits on rare earth minerals, which have key applications in high-tech appliances ranging from fiber optics to mobile phones.The country controls 97 percent of world supplies of the metals and has cited environmental concerns and resource depletion for trimming back exports in the WTO row. "The WTO dispute opens a larger debate on the changing dynamics of global trade in which developing countries, like China or India, are slowly looking at moving away from the model of exporting raw materials to the developed world to produce value-added products," said T.S. Vishwanath, an adviser with APJ-SLG Law Offices, a firm specializing in trade issues.Conserving resources could give downstream producers just the edge they need to stay ahead of the curve in fiercely competitive international markets.In extreme cases, a country which is a monopoly supplier of a commodity with limited substitution may drive out whole industries in a competing import-dependent country.That is why China's curbs on rare earth metals have drawn so much attention, despite involving low trade volumes. But one analyst said the country was also looking to support its manufacturers and the military."The Chinese equate rare earths with their own stability, not just in the manufacturing sector but also the military sector," said Ben Simpfendorfer, managing director of business consultancy Silk Road Associates, which is based in Hong Kong.While natural resources are vital for the industrial development of Asia's fast-developing economies, for now, many Asian nations are primarily concerned with food security at a time of potentially acute, destabilizing inflation and fluctuating supply and demand, Simpendorfer said. POLITICS, ENVIRONMENTIn the developing world, where land has traditionally been the only source of livelihood for hundreds of millions of indigenous people, forest and mountain dwellers and farmers, conserving natural resources is an explosive political issue.Rising industrial activities fuel the demand for land, feeding conflict between firms and vast populations living in the countryside who form the core support base of governments.Such protests scatter across the developing world from Brazil to Indonesia, and governments have damped the unrest with the strategy of getting investors to devote some of their income to the development of local communities.India is framing a law to force private miners to share profits or make royalty payments, so generating funds to aid local communities' development in a bid to win popular approval for projects and undermine support for a Maoist rebellion."There is a trend of a huge outcry in producing countries and the view is people there should benefit from their own resources," said Paranjoy Guha Thakurta, a political commentator in New Delhi. "Governments cannot ignore the protests anymore."As growing environmental concern piles pressure on developing countries to cut carbon emissions, they are likely to hold on to resources key to building clean energy equipment.In the context of global climate talks, developing economies could use an export tax to counter or preempt border adjustment measures that developed countries set on imports."Energy security and concerns over carbon emissions will mean more and more countries will want to conserve their resources to build their alternative energy capacity or energy-saving equipment," said IREL's Patra."For so long the West has been taking the cheap resources of the East. Going forward we will see that will not happen anymore."(Additional reporting by Neil Chatterjee and Alfian in JAKARTA and James Pomfret in NEW DELHI Editing by Clarence Fernandez)
None
419
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/05/30/idUSFWN0YK07N20150530%3Ftype%3DcompanyNews
420
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/12/04/bitcoin-auction-idUSL2N0TN2R520141204
U.S. begins largest auction of bitcoins seized in Silk Road bust
Thu Dec 4, 2014 8:39am EST
  NEW YORK Dec 4 The U.S. Marshals Service on Thursday began auctioning off 50,000 bitcoins seized during the prosecution of the alleged owner of Silk Road, an Internet black-market bazaar where authorities say drugs and other illegal goods could be bought.The six-hour online auction began at 8:00 a.m. EST (1300 GMT) for nearly $18.6 million worth of bitcoins, and the winning bidders will be notified Friday.It was the Marshals Service's second such auction following an earlier one in June for almost 30,000 bitcoins seized during the Silk Road raid in 2013.To date, the government has recovered 173,991 bitcoins while pursuing the case, including about 144,336 from computer hardware belonging to Ross Ulbricht, the alleged creator of the underground website. As part of a civil forfeiture proceeding, Ulbricht and the government reached a deal in January in which the bitcoins on his hardware would be sold and the proceeds held, pending the outcome of his case.The remaining 94,341 bitcoins from Ulbricht's hardware will be auctioned in the coming months.Lynzey Donahue, a Marshals Service spokeswoman, said authorities "didn't want to flood the market" with too many bitcoins at once. The previous set of 29,655 bitcoins, which were recovered from Silk Road's servers, were won at auction by a single bidder, Silicon Valley venture capitalist Tim Draper. Terms were not disclosed.Steven Englander, global head of G10 foreign exchange strategy at CitiFX, wrote in a note ahead of the auction that bidders this time "will likely lowball their bids relative to the current market price." "My expectation is that most bids will be aggressively to the downside in the hope of getting a post-Black Friday bargain," he wrote.Draper said Wednesday he would be among the bidders participating in the auction. Others who have said they will bid in the auction include the Bitcoin Investment Trust and Pantera Capital.Ulbricht, known online as "Dread Pirate Roberts," according to prosecutors, faces trial Jan. 5 on charges including conspiracy and narcotics trafficking. He has pleaded not guilty.Bitcoin prices were down 0.96 percent early Thursday at $371.37 per bitcoin, according to digital currency news website CoinDesk.   (Additional reporting by Sarah McBride in San Francisco; Editing by Bernadette Baum)
None
