1
China's Xi: Trade between China and Silk Road nations to exceed $2.5 trillion
Sun Mar 29, 2015 9:06am EDT
  BEIJING China's President Xi Jinping said he hoped its annual trade with the countries involved in Beijing's plan to create a modern Silk Road would surpass $2.5 trillion in a decade.Xi also pledged to protect the interests of foreign companies in China amid investors' rising concerns that Beijing is enacting policies that could hurt their businesses.Under the so-called "One Belt, One Road" initiative, China aims to create a modern Silk Road Economic Belt and a 21st Century Maritime Silk Road to boost trade and extend its global influence. Commerce Minister Gao Hucheng said previously that more than 50 countries had shown interest in the initiative.Projects under the plan include a network of railways, highways, oil and gas pipelines, power grids, Internet networks, maritime and other infrastructure links across Central, West and South Asia to as far as Greece, Russia and Oman, increasing China's connections to Europe and Africa.Speaking at the sidelines of a high-level event in the southern city of Boao on Sunday, Xi said the scheme would stimulate trade and investment between China and countries along the route, according to a statement on the foreign ministry's website."We hope that the annual trade volume between China and these countries surpasses $2.5 trillion in a decade or so," Xi told 40 company representatives from China and overseas. By way of comparison, China's trade with the European Union in 2013 amounted to 428.1 billion euros ($466.1 billion).Chinese industries expected to benefit from the plan include agriculture and mining as the route encourages exploration for minerals.In addition to trade efforts, China is seeking to boost its global influence by signing up countries to its Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank. Xi, meanwhile, sought to address concerns from foreign businesses, which have complained of an increasingly tough business climate in the world's second-largest economy."China will be more open. China's policies that encourage the use of foreign investment will not change, and the protection of legitimate rights and interests of foreign-invested businesses will not change," Xi said.The United States is concerned about China's restrictions on the use of foreign information technology equipment by the banking sector, according to a filing published by the World Trade Organization on Thursday. New cyber-security regulations would force technology vendors to Chinese banks to hand over secret source code and adopt Chinese encryption algorithms.U.S. companies have also cried foul over China's oversight of monopoly and pricing issues and antitrust enforcement.($1 = 0.9185 euros) (editing by Jane Baird)
2
Silk Road website creator gets life term for drug plot
Fri May 29, 2015 9:31pm EDT
  NEW YORK The accused mastermind behind the Silk Road underground website was sentenced on Friday to life in prison for orchestrating a scheme that enabled more than $200 million of anonymous online drug sales using the digital currency bitcoin.Ross Ulbricht, 31, was sentenced by U.S. District Judge Katherine Forrest in Manhattan after a federal jury in February found him guilty of charges including distributing drugs through the Internet and conspiring to commit computer hacking and money laundering."What you did was unprecedented," Forrest said. "And in breaking that ground as the first person, you sit here as the defendant having to pay the consequences for that."Ulbricht stood silently as Forrest announced the sentence, which also included an order to forfeit $183.9 million.Outside of court, Joshua Dratel, his lawyer, promised an appeal, calling the sentence "unreasonable, unjust and unfair."A sniffling Ulbricht, who had admitted to creating Silk Road but denied wrongdoing at trial, told the judge before being sentenced that, contrary to what the prosecutors argued, he did not build Silk Road out of greed."I wanted to empower people to make choices in their lives and have privacy and anonymity," he said.Serrin Turner, a prosecutor, said Ulbricht was like any drug other kingpin, having fantasized about becoming a billionaire through his criminal enterprise and taking extreme steps, including soliciting murders, to protect it. "This was not some disinterested do-gooder," he added.Silk Road operated for more than two years, allowing users to anonymously buy drugs and other illicit goods and generating over $214 million in sales in the process, prosecutors said.They said Ulbricht ran Silk Road under the alias Dread Pirate Roberts, a reference to a character in the 1987 movie "The Princess Bride."The website relied on the Tor network, which lets users communicate anonymously, and accepted bitcoin as payment, which prosecutors said allowed users to conceal their identities and locations. Prosecutors said Ulbricht, who grew up in Austin, Texas, took extreme steps to protect Silk Road, soliciting the murders of several people who posed a threat. No evidence exists the murders were carried out.The online black market was shutdown in October 2013, when authorities seized the website and arrested Ulbricht at a San Francisco library.Prosecutors say Silk Road became a blueprint for other so-called "dark market" websites that allow illegal drug sales, a phenomenon law enforcement agencies continue to battle."Ulbricht went from hiding his cybercrime identity to becoming the face of cybercrime and as today’s sentence proves, no one is above the law," Manhattan U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara said in a statement. At trial, Dratel said his client had indeed created what he intended to be a "freewheeling, free market site" where all but a few harmful items could be sold.Dratel said Ulbricht handed off the website to others after it became too stressful, and was lured back toward its end to become the "fall guy" for its true operators.Ahead of sentencing, prosecutors urged Forrest to take into account how at least six people died from overdoses on drugs linked to Silk Road. The parents of two of them spoke at the hearing.One was a man who identified himself only as Richard, whose son, named Bryan B. in court papers, overdosed in Boston in 2013 using heroin authorities said was bought on Silk Road."He did not consider the impact on society of the expansion of the market for deadly drugs," the father told Forrest.Ulbricht, who appeared in court in blue jail clothing, apologized to the families, saying he never wanted to harm anyone. He said he had ruined his life."I wish I could go back to convince myself to take a different path," he said. "But I can't do that."The case is U.S. v. Ulbricht, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 13-06919.
3
China to establish $40 billion Silk Road infrastructure fund
Sat Nov 8, 2014 8:32am EST
  BEIJING China will contribute $40 billion to set up a Silk Road infrastructure fund to boost connectivity across Asia, President Xi Jinping announced on Saturday, the latest Chinese project to spread the largesse of its own economic growth.China has dangled financial and trade incentives before, mostly to Central Asia but also to countries in South Asia, backing efforts to resurrect the old Silk Road trading route that once carried treasures between China and the Mediterranean.The fund will be for investing in infrastructure, resources and industrial and financial cooperation, among other projects, Xi said, according to Xinhua.The goal of the fund is to "break the connectivity bottleneck" in Asia, state media quoted Xi as saying during a meeting in Beijing with leaders from Bangladesh, Cambodia, Laos, Mongolia, Myanmar, Pakistan and Tajikistan.The Silk Road Fund will be "open" and welcome investors from Asia and beyond to "actively" take part in the project, Xi was cited as saying, ahead of a separate summit of the Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) grouping, also being held in the Chinese capital.It was not immediately clear precisely how the fund would work, when it would start operations or where it would be based, though in all likelihood it would be China. But Xinhua said it would focus on China's Silk Road Economic Belt and the 21st Century Maritime Silk Road initiative, which aim to build roads, railways, ports and airports across Central Asia and South Asia. "Such a framework accommodates the needs of various countries and covers both land and sea-related projects," Xi said, adding China is ready to welcome its neighbors "to get on board the train of China's development." TRAINING PLACESChina will also provide neighboring countries with 20,000 places for training "connectivity professionals" over the next five years, Xi said.China has sought to address fears in the region - and globally - that its bounding economic growth will inevitably bring about a more assertive, muscular diplomatic and military approach to issues such as territorial disputes. One of the ways it has done this is to offer large loans to places like Southeast Asia and Africa, to show that China is a benign growing power only interested in helping others escape poverty in the way it has itself over the past three decades.Last month, Xi unveiled the $50 billion China-backed Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank, seen as a challenge to the World Bank and Asian Development Bank, both multilateral lenders that count Washington and its allies as their biggest financial backers.China has sought to allay concerns that its new bank aims to undermine the World Bank and Asian Development Bank, saying it wants to learn from their experience and that there are more than enough projects around for all the lenders to fund. (Reporting by Paul Carsten and Ben Blanchard; Editing by Jeremy Laurence and Ian Geoghegan)
4
China, HK stocks jump on Silk Road initiatives, easing hopes
Mon Mar 30, 2015 5:57am EDT
  SHANGHAI, March 30 Chinese stocks surged to seven-year highs on Monday, while the Hong Kong market posted its biggest daily gain in two months, as investors bet more infrastructure spending and policy stimulus would re-energise China's cooling economy.China's main indexes, the CSI300 and the Shanghai Composite Index, both jumped nearly 3 percent to the highest level since March 2008, while Hong Kong's benchmark Hang Seng index rose 1.5 percent, the biggest daily gain in two months.Over the weekend, China unveiled details of its blueprint for a modern Silk Road to improve links from Asia to Europe and Africa, an ambitious initiative that could translate into a new wave of investment.Analysts say "Silk Road"-related investment, which this year alone could reach 300 billion to 400 billion yuan ($48-64 billion), would benefit a wide range of companies including port operators, train makers and steel producers."The initiative is a boon to many of China's struggling industries," said Alex Kwok, Hong Kong-based strategist at China Investment Securities (HK).Also fuelling the stock rally were dovish comments by central bank Governor Zhou Xiaochuan, Kwok said. Zhou warned on Sunday that the country needed to be vigilant for signs of deflation. "China's economy is under relatively big downward pressure, and the government is struggling to meet the 7 percent growth target this year. So Zhou's comment sends a strong signal of more easing policies ahead," Kwok said.China's stock market, which surged more than 50 percent last year on government easing hopes, is up another 16 percent this year, pushed up by herd investors who are snapping up newly launched mutual funds, often in days.They have been emboldened by recent remarks from officials that showed support for the market's rise. In the latest sign of government support, a commentary in Monday's official People's Daily said that a bull market would aid the country's economic restructuring. "We're seeing a fresh flood of money flowing into the stock market and they're actively looking for ideal targets," said Jiang Kai, a Shanghai-based hedge fund manager."Small-caps are already too expensive. The Silk Road initiative gives those new investors a good excuse to buy into blue-chips."Infrastructure-related stocks  jumped nearly 6 percent on average in China, and nearly 3 percent in Hong Kong, as investors bet they would benefit the most from China's Silk Road investment. Shares in China Communications Construction   surged 15 percent in Hong Kong and a maximum 10 percent in Shanghai.Real estate stocks surged on expectations of fresh policies to aid the struggling property market and, after the market close, the central bank said it would ease lending policies to support second home purchases.The Hong Kong China Enterprises Index, which tracks Chinese companies listed in Hong Kong in the form of so-called "H shares", surged 3.4 percent, its biggest daily gain this year.Chinese regulators said on Friday mainland mutual funds would be allowed to invest in Hong Kong shares via the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect scheme.Analysts said the move would help reduce the valuation gap between the two markets, as mainland fund managers would probably use this channel to bargain-hunt for Hong Kong-listed shares, which trade at about a 35 percent discount to their mainland peers on average."I expect mainland shares to keep rising, while Hong Kong stocks will likely move closer to their China peers in terms of valuation," said Kwok of China Investment Securities (HK).     (Editing by Alan Raybould)
5
Former U.S. agents charged for bitcoin theft during Silk Road probe
Mon Mar 30, 2015 5:14pm EDT
  The U.S. Justice Department announced charges on Monday against two former federal agents accused of stealing the digital currency bitcoin during the investigation of the underground drug marketplace Silk Road.Carl Force, a former Drug Enforcement Administration agent, and Shaun Bridges, a special agent with the Secret Service, were charged in a criminal complaint filed in San Francisco federal court with offenses including wire fraud and money laundering.Silk Road was an underground website where people bought drugs and other illicit goods using bitcoin digital currency. By the time authorities shut it down in October 2013, Silk Road had generated around $200 million in sales, prosecutors said.Authorities said it was operated by Ross Ulbricht, 30, under the alias "Dread Pirate Roberts." A federal jury in Manhattan found Ulbricht guilty in February of charges including conspiracy to commit drug trafficking and money laundering.Force, 46, and Bridges, 32, belonged to a Baltimore-based federal task force investigating the Silk Road. Force had a prominent role in the probe, authorities said, as he was the lead undercover agent in communication with Ulbricht. But prosecutors said while Force spoke with Ulbricht using an officially sanctioned alias, he also created unauthorized online personas to communicate with "Dread Pirate Roberts."Using those aliases, Force extorted $250,000 from Ulbricht and later offered to sell him information about the government's investigation for $100,000, the complaint said.Prosecutors said Force also stole $90,000 worth of bitcoins that Ulbricht paid him in under an officially sanctioned alias used for the undercover investigation. Authorities said Bridges, 32, meanwhile diverted to his personal account over $800,000 worth of bitcoin that he controlled during the Silk Road investigation.Force was arrested in Baltimore on Friday and appeared in court there on Monday. Bridges surrendered on Monday and was released after appearing in court in San Francisco.Joshua Dratel, Ulbricht's lawyer, in a statement on Monday said that prosecutors only revealed information about the "monumental scandal" five weeks before trial after keeping the investigation secret for nine months. "It is clear from this complaint that fundamentally the government's investigation of Mr. Ulbricht lacked any integrity, and was wholly and fatally compromised from the inside," Dratel said.Steven Levin, a lawyer for Bridges, said he maintains his innocence. Ivan Bates, Force's attorney, did not respond to a request for comment.The case is U.S. v. Force, U.S. District Court, Northern District of California, No. 15-mj-70370. (Reporting By Nate Raymond and Lisa Lambert; Editing by Emily Stephenson and Cynthia Osterman)
6
Accused Silk Road operator convicted on U.S. drug charges
Wed Feb 4, 2015 7:44pm EST
  NEW YORK The suspected mastermind behind the underground website Silk Road was convicted on narcotics and other charges on Wednesday for his role in orchestrating a scheme that enabled around $200 million of anonymous online drug sales using bitcoins.Ross Ulbricht, 30, was found guilty by a Manhattan federal jury on all seven counts he faced after a closely watched four-week trial spilling out of U.S. investigations of the use of the bitcoin digital currency for drug trafficking and other crimes.The jury of six men and six women needed a little over three hours to deliberate before finding Ulbricht guilty of charges that included conspiracies to commit money laundering, computer hacking and drug trafficking.Ulbricht, who prosecutors say went by the alias Dread Pirate Roberts in a reference to the 1987 movie "The Princess Bride," faces up to life in prison and a mandatory minimum term of 20 years. His sentencing was scheduled for May 15.Ulbricht has attracted many supporters to his cause, including some who say the government's case is an attack on Internet freedom.After the verdict was read, Ulbricht turned toward his supporters and raised his hand as he was led from the court. "Ross is a hero," shouted one supporter wearing dreadlocks.Joshua Dratel, Ulbricht's lawyer, said he would appeal. He said he was too limited in presenting evidence and that Ulbricht had been convicted based on statements not attributed by name to his client."It's very disappointing," he said. DARK WEBManhattan U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara said Ulbricht's conviction should send a message to anyone attempting to operate an online criminal enterprise."The supposed anonymity of the dark web is not a protective shield from arrest and prosecution," he said.Silk Road operated from at least January 2011 until October 2013, when authorities seized the website and arrested Ulbricht at a public library in San Francisco. The website relied on the so-called Tor network, which lets users communicate anonymously, and accepted payment through bitcoins, which according to prosecutors allowed users to conceal their identities and locations.By the time it was shut down, Silk Road had generated nearly $213.9 million in sales and $13.2 million in commissions, prosecutors said.They said Ulbricht took extreme steps to protect Silk Road, soliciting the murders of several people who posed a threat. No evidence exists that the murders were carried out. 'FALL GUY'Ulbricht conceded that he created Silk Road, and his lawyer Dratel said it was intended as a "freewheeling, free market site" where all but a few harmful items could be sold.But Dratel said Ulbricht's "economic experiment" eventually became too stressful for him, so he handed it off to others. He was lured back toward its end, he said, becoming the "fall guy" for its true operators.At trial, Dratel sought to raise questions in jurors' minds about whether someone else, such as Mark Karpeles, the former chief of the failed Mt. Gox bitcoin exchange, was operating Silk Road for much of its existence.Karpeles was never charged and has denied involvement with Silk Road. Although a federal agent told jurors he had been investigating Karpeles, U.S. District Judge Katherine Forrest later struck much of that testimony as improper.Prosecutors said the Dread Pirate Roberts alias itself was a cover story intended to suggest the name could be passed to others, as happened in "The Princess Bride."They also said Ulbricht was arrested in October 2013 while logged into Silk Road on his laptop as Dread Pirate Roberts, chatting with an undercover federal investigator posing as a member of the website's staff.The case is U.S. v. Ulbricht, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 13-06919.
7
Silk Road drug site staff member avoids further U.S. prison time
Tue May 26, 2015 6:29pm EDT
  NEW YORK An Australian man who moderated the discussion forums on the underground drug website Silk Road was sentenced to time served on Tuesday after already being in custody for 17 months.Peter Nash, 42, dropped his head into his hands as U.S. District Judge Thomas Griesa in Manhattan announced the sentence, which came after he provided prosecutors information about his conduct and pleaded guilty."It's very gratifying that Peter can return home and be reunited with his fiancée and his family," Andrew Frisch, his lawyer, said outside of court.The proceedings came just three days before a U.S. federal judge is set to sentence Ross Ulbricht, the creator of Silk Road who authorities say operated the website under the alias Dread Pirate Roberts. He faces up to life in prison.Silk Road operated for more than two years, allowing users to anonymously buy drugs and other illicit goods using the digital currency bitcoin and generating over $214 million in sales in the process, prosecutors said. Nash was one of a handful of staff members working on Silk Road at the time of Ulbricht's arrest the website's shutdown in October 2013, operating under the alias Samesamebutdifferent.Nash, who also had worked for a support service for adults with mental disabilities, was charged in December 2013 along with two alleged site administrators, Andrew Jones and Gary Davis, and arrested in Australia.After being extradited, he pleaded guilty in March to conspiracy to commit narcotics trafficking and money laundering, telling Griesa then that he became involved with Silk Road to buy drugs and for "social connections." Nash at his plea said he never knew the real identity of Silk Road's operator, who asked him to moderate its discussion forums. Frisch said he used the $25,000 he earned to buy drugs."It was never my intention to cause upset or harm," Nash said in court Tuesday. "But needless to say that is what happened."While Nash normally would face 10 years minimum in prison in light of his plea, that requirement was waived as Nash was a first-time, non-violent offender who provided information to prosecutors about his conduct. Ulbricht, 31, was found guilty in February of charges including of conspiracy to commit drug trafficking, money laundering, computer hacking, and other charges.Jones pleaded guilty in October. Davis is pending extradition in Ireland.The case is U.S. v. Jones, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No, 13-cr-950. (Reporting by Nate Raymond in New York, editing by G Crosse)
8
Australian pleads guilty in U.S. for Silk Road drug site staff role
Fri Mar 13, 2015 4:31pm EDT
  NEW YORK An Australian man pleaded guilty on Friday to U.S. charges stemming from his role as a staff member of Silk Road, an underground website where people bought drugs and other illicit goods using bitcoin digital currency.Peter Nash, 42, pleaded guilty in Manhattan federal court to conspiracy to commit narcotics trafficking and money laundering, a month after a U.S. jury convicted the suspected mastermind behind Silk Road, Ross Ulbricht.Nash, a former senior manager at a support service for adults with mental disabilities, said he became involved with Silk Road in 2013, initially to buy drugs and for "social connections."Nash said he never knew the real identity of Silk Road's operator, who he said asked him to moderate its chat forum. For 10 months of work, Nash said he earned as much as $30,000, which he used to buy drugs."I deeply regret my conduct and any consequent harm I caused," he said.    Nash faces life in prison when U.S. District Judge Thomas Griesa sentences him on May 26. Silk Road operated from at least January 2011 until October 2013, when authorities seized the website and arrested Ulbricht at a public library in San Francisco.The website relied on the so-called Tor network, which lets users communicate anonymously. It accepted payment through bitcoins, which according to prosecutors allowed users to conceal their identities and locations.By the time it was shut down, Silk Road had generated around $200 million in sales, prosecutors said. Prosecutors said Ulbricht, the website's admitted creator, operated Silk Road under the alias "Dread Pirate Roberts."Ulbricht, 30, was found guilty in February of charges including conspiracy to commit drug trafficking, money laundering and computer hacking. His lawyer has promised an appeal.Two months after Ulbricht's arrest, prosecutors in December 2013 announced charges against Nash and two other alleged Silk Road staff members, Andrew Jones and Gary Davis. Nash said at the time of his arrest in Australia that he was about to go to Europe to propose to his fiance, then a doctoral student. He has been incarcerated ever since.Jones, a former Silk Road site administrator, previously pleaded guilty in October and agreed to cooperate with authorities. He had been slated as a possible witness at Ulbricht's trial, though he ultimately was not called.Davis, another alleged administrator, is pending extradition in Ireland.The case is U.S. v. Jones, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No, 13-cr-950. (Reporting by Nate Raymond in New York; Editing by Dan Grebler)
9
No new trial for man behind illicit Silk Road website
Tue Apr 28, 2015 4:17pm EDT
  NEW YORK A Manhattan federal judge has denied a request for a new trial for Ross Ulbricht, the man convicted of being the mastermind behind the Silk Road online black market for illegal drugsCalling evidence of Ulbricht's guilt "overwhelming," U.S. District Judge Katherine Forrest on Monday night rejected arguments that the defendant was improperly denied the right to review materials demonstrating his innocence, or examine alleged corruption by two "rogue" federal agents involved in the case."According to Ulbricht, the government's gamesmanship in this regard led to inadequate trial preparation, an inability to investigate whether certain evidence might be exculpatory, and, ultimately, an unfair trial," Forrest wrote in a 25-page decision. "These arguments are without merit."Ulbricht is appealing his conviction. In an email on Tuesday, his lawyer, Joshua Dratel, said the legal issues reviewed in Forrest's decision will be addressed in the appeal. A federal jury on Feb. 4 found Ulbricht, 31, guilty of narcotics and other charges for helping to enable about $200 million of anonymous online drug sales using the virtual currency bitcoin.Prosecutors said Ulbricht ran Silk Road under the pseudonym "Dread Pirate Roberts" before the website was shut down in October 2013. Ulbricht conceded that he created Silk Road, but said he was not responsible for illegal activity there. On March 30, the U.S. Department of Justice announced criminal charges, accusing former federal agents Carl Force and Shaun Bridges of wire fraud and money laundering tied to their alleged theft of bitcoin during the Silk Road probe.Forrest said she found no basis to believe any undisclosed material related to the agents would have been "remotely useful" to Ulbricht's defense. "There is no reasonable probability of a different outcome here," she wrote. Ulbricht faces up to life in prison. Dratel has asked that the May 15 sentencing be delayed, saying in part he needs to review new information from prosecutors on six alleged overdose deaths attributed to drugs bought from vendors on Silk Road.The case is U.S. v. Ulbricht, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No, 14-cr-00068. (Editing by Peter Galloway)
10
Hungary first European country to sign up for China Silk Road plan
Sat Jun 6, 2015 10:32pm EDT
  BEIJING Hungary has become the first European country to sign a cooperation agreement for China's new "Silk Road" initiative to develop trade and transport infrastructure across Asia and beyond, China's foreign ministry said late on Saturday.The countries' foreign ministers signed a memorandum of understanding for what is formally known as the "One Belt, One Road" project in Budapest, according to a statement on the Chinese foreign ministry website.China welcomes more European countries to look East, and strengthen cooperation with China and other Asian countries, and participate in the "One Belt, One Road" in various ways, said Wang Yi, China's foreign minister, according to a separate statement on the website.President Xi Jinping said earlier this year he hoped annual trade with the countries involved in Beijing's plan to create a modern Silk Road would surpass $2.5 trillion in a decade. Hungary hopes to closely cooperate with China and push on with the Hungarian-Serbia railway and other major construction projects, Hungary's President Janos Ader was quoted as saying by the Chinese foreign ministry. China is helping fund and build a railway connecting Hungary and Serbia.Projects under the plan include a network of railways, highways, oil and gas pipelines, power grids, Internet networks, maritime and other infrastructure links across Central, West and South Asia to as far as Greece, Russia and Oman, increasing China's connections to Europe and Africa.  (Reporting by Ben Blanchard and Paul Carsten; Editing by Kim Coghill)
11
U.S. shuts down Silk Road 2.0 website, charges alleged owner
Thu Nov 6, 2014 12:27pm EST
  NEW YORK U.S. authorities said Thursday they have shut down the successor website to Silk Road, an underground online drug marketplace, and charged its alleged operator with conspiracy to commit drug trafficking, computer hacking, money laundering and other crimes.Blake Benthall, 26, was arrested on Wednesday in San Francisco and was expected to make an initial court appearance in federal court there later on Thursday.The charges against Benthall carry a maximum sentence of life in prison.A lawyer for Benthall could not immediately be identified.Silk Road 2.0 was launched late last year, weeks after authorities had shuttered the original Silk Road website in October and arrested its alleged owner, Ross Ulbricht, who went by the online alias, Dread Pirate Roberts. “Let’s be clear – this Silk Road, in whatever form, is the road to prison," Manhattan U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara, whose office is prosecuting both cases, said in a statement.Benthall, known as “Defcon” online, became the operator of Silk Road 2.0 in December, one month after an unnamed co-conspirator launched the site, according to prosecutors. Silk Road 2.0 provided an online bazaar where users across the world could buy and sell drugs, computer hacking tools and other illicit items, using the digital currency Bitcoin as payment, authorities said.As of September, the site was generating at least $8 million a month in sales, they said. The government’s investigation included an undercover agent who was able to infiltrate the administrative staff of the website and interact directly with Benthall, prosecutors said.Ulbricht, 30, has pleaded not guilty and is scheduled for trial in New York in January. (Reporting by Joseph Ax; Editing by Bernadette Baum)
12
Creator of Silk Road website faces sentencing for drug scheme
Fri May 29, 2015 1:23am EDT
  NEW YORK The accused mastermind behind the underground website Silk Road will be sentenced on Friday for orchestrating a scheme that enabled more than $200 million of anonymous online drug sales using the digital currency bitcoin.Ross Ulbricht, 31, faces up to life in prison after a federal jury in Manhattan found him guilty in February of charges including conspiracy to commit drug trafficking, money laundering and computer hacking.Prosecutors are seeking a sentence "substantially above" the 20-year mandatory minimum that U.S. District Judge Katherine Forrest must impose on Ulbricht, who admitted to creating Silk Road but denied wrongdoing.Ulbricht is expected to appeal his conviction. His lawyer declined comment ahead of sentencing.    Silk Road operated for more than two years, allowing users to anonymously buy drugs and other illicit goods and generating over $214 million in sales in the process, prosecutors said. The online black market was shutdown in October 2013, when authorities seized the website and arrested Ulbricht at a San Francisco website.Prosecutors said Ulbricht operated the website under the alias Dread Pirate Roberts, a reference to a character in the 1987 movie "The Princess Bride."The website relied on the so-called Tor network, which lets users communicate anonymously, and accepted bitcoin as payment, which prosecutors said allowed users to conceal their identities and locations. Prosecutors said Ulbricht, who grew up in Austin, Texas, took extreme steps to protect Silk Road, soliciting the murders of several people who posed a threat. No evidence exists the murders were carried out.At trial, Joshua Dratel, his lawyer, said Ulbricht had indeed created what he intended as a "freewheeling, free market site" where all but a few harmful items could be sold.Dratel said Ulbricht handed off the website to others after it became too stressful, and was lured back toward its end to become the "fall guy" for its true operators. In a letter filed in court last week, Ulbricht urged Judge  Forrest in sentencing him to leave a "small light at the end of the tunnel" and said he recognized Silk Road was a "very naive and costly idea.""In creating Silk Road, I ruined my life and destroyed my future," he wrote.The case is U.S. v. Ulbricht, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 13-06919. (Editing by Andre Grenon)
13
COLUMN-China's Silk Road challenges U.S. dominance in Asia: Kemp
Mon Nov 10, 2014 8:22am EST
  (John Kemp is a Reuters market analyst. The views expressed are his own.)By John KempLONDON Nov 10 (Reuters) - "The Silk Road, no longer just a concept in history books, has evolved into a story of modern logistics and Sino-European cooperation," Yang Jiechi, China's top diplomat, told a conference this month.The New Silk Road Economic Belt - from China across Central Asia and Russia to Europe - and the 21st Century Maritime Silk Road - through the Malacca Strait to India, the Middle East and East Africa - have become the centrepiece of China's economic diplomacy.The belt and the road, as China's diplomats refer to them, are the focus of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) summit in Beijing this week. They aim to cement China's emerging role at the heart of the 21st century economy.China's President Xi Jinping has pledged $40 billion to a new Silk Road fund for investing in infrastructure, resources and industrial and financial cooperation across Asia.Chinese diplomats have also been busy promoting a new Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank, promising to provide half of its $50 billion start-up capital, to help build ports, roads, power projects and other desperately needed infrastructure across the region.The Silk Road fund and Asia Infrastructure Investment Bank pose a direct challenge to the traditional primacy of U.S.-dominated financial and trade institutions in the region, including the International Monetary Fund, World Bank and Asian Development Bank, all of which were set up following the U.S. victory in World War Two.U.S. diplomats have been manoeuvring furiously to limit the impact of China's economic diplomacy. In the past month, Australia and South Korea both declined to join the new Infrastructure Investment Bank following intense lobbying from officials in Washington, which went all the way up to Secretary of State John Kerry and President Barack Obama himself.U.S. LEADERSHIP CHALLENGEDOfficially, U.S. diplomats are concerned about governance standards at the new institutions. There are fears about the large share of the voting rights that will go to China and the willingness of the new institutions to lend for projects that do not meet the social and environmental criteria currently employed by multilateral development banks.Under intense pressure from the United States, the World Bank and Asian Development Bank will no longer finance coal-fired power stations due to concerns about climate change. But many countries, including India, have indicated they intend to continue building coal-fired plants to bring electricity to millions of homes that are currently without secure and affordable access to modern energy.U.S. officials fear the new Chinese-led institutions will lend to projects that are unable to secure financing from other multilateral institutions, rendering the conditionality ineffective. But there is a deeper, unspoken fear that the new institutions will be used to enhance China's leadership at the expense of the United States and its traditional allies in Asia including Japan, South Korea and Australia.In the run-up to the APEC summit, U.S. diplomats have sought to keep the focus on the Trans-Pacific Partnership, a proposed U.S.-led regional trade deal, rather than the broader Free Trade Area of the Asia Pacific, promoted by China.It is part of a mounting economic, political and military competition between the United States and China across the region.BALANCE OF ECONOMIC POWERAsia-Pacific is not the only area where the post-war economic and financial leadership of the United States and its network of allies is being challenged.The U.S. pivot to Asia is being matched by a similar move on the part of Russia, which has sought to reduce its dependence on the United States and Europe by upgrading its economic ties with China. In the past six months, Russia has signed two major deals to supply natural gas to China, which has become Russia's most important trading partner. In July 2014, China, Russia, India and Brazil reached agreement on a $100 billion New Development Bank to be headquartered in Shanghai. China and Russia have also been busy promoting economic and military ties across Central Asia through the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation.The major financial and economic institutions, which experts sometimes call the "international financial architecture", no longer correspond to the balance of power and the shifting centre of gravity in the world economy.The International Monetary Fund, World Bank and regional development banks are all dominated by the United States and its allies in terms of voting rights, capital structure, headquarters location and staffing.Efforts to reform them to give a greater role to China and the other fast-growing developing economies have largely proved unfruitful.The multilateral lending institutions are severely undercapitalised and have nowhere near enough resources to meet the enormous infrastructure needs across Asia, Africa and Latin America.The result is that many multilateral institutions appear to be outdated, too small and entrenched in colonialist approaches to development. TRADE AND FINANCIAL FLOWSThere is still an assumption that economies of developing countries are defined by their relationship with their more developed counterparts. But that world has vanished over the last decade.More than half the exports from developing economies were sent to other developing economies in 2013, according to the World Trade Organization ("International Trade Statistics 2014").Countries in Asia sent more than 60 percent of their exports to other nations in Asia and to Africa and the Middle East, compared with just over 15 percent each to North America and Europe.As the world's greatest export powerhouse, China has accumulated vast foreign exchange reserves and is now becoming a major supplier of capital.Prior to the financial crisis, that capital was tied up passively and uselessly in U.S. Treasury bonds. Now China wants to use its capital more productively to invest in infrastructure in its major trading partners and at the same time buy more economic and political influence.There is nothing new in the idea that countries seek to turn financial capital into political power. Britain pursued the same approach in the 19h century, and the United States has done so successfully since World War Two.Market access and capital can all be traded for various forms of influence. The Marshall Plan traded U.S. economic assistance in European reconstruction for a pro-American orientation in European foreign policy.As the balance of power within the global economy shifts, it is inevitable that the international economic architecture will have to evolve.Some western foreign policy specialists have naively assumed that emerging markets would become integrated into existing post-war, western-dominated structures of power and governance.But it was always at least as likely that those institutions would have to adapt and change to accommodate the rising economic and financial power of emerging markets.Just as access to American markets and capital was once a key component of U.S. diplomacy, China is now employing its financial and trade muscle to win friends and influence.   (editing by Jane Baird)
14
RPT-China's $40 bln Silk Road fund starts work along PE lines - PBOC's Zhou
Sun Feb 15, 2015 11:47pm EST
  (Repeats to more subscribers)SHANGHAI Feb 16 (Reuters) - China's $40 billion Silk Road infrastructure fund has started work along the lines of a long-term private equity (PE) venture to boost businesses in countries and regions along the road, China's central bank governor was quoted saying on Monday."The fund has already started operations, with registration on Dec. 29 and the first board meeting on Jan. 6," Zhou Xiaochuan, governor of the People's Bank of China, told the semi-official China Business News.China has dangled financial and trade incentives, mostly to Central Asia but also to countries in South Asia, backing efforts to resurrect the old Silk Road trading route that once carried treasures between China and the Mediterranean. Zhou said that the fund is not a state-owned sovereign fund, but was similar to a PE fund, although it planned longer-term investment than other PE funds."As for how it will be similar to global funds, it is somewhat like the World Bank's IFC (International Finance Corp), the African Development Bank's mutual development fund and the China Africa Development Fund," Zhou said. "What is different is that those funds are financed by a handful of investors instead of raising funds from the public."China has said that the Silk Road Fund will be "open" and welcome investors from Asia and beyond, focusing on China's Silk Road Economic Belt and the 21st Century Maritime Silk Road initiative, which aim to build roads, railways, ports and airports across Central Asia and South Asia. Zhou said that China would not aim to develop the fund into a multi-party development organisation, although it would consider setting up subsidiaries and branches in various  industries and regions.He added that the fund would be mainly denominated in foreign currencies, instead of Chinese yuan, and rejected the speculation that the fund is the Chinese-style  Marshall Plan.In its essence, the Silk Road fund is not similar to the Marshall Plan," Zhou said, referring to the U.S. programme to help reconstruct Europe after the World War II.    (Reporting by Lu Jianxin and Sue-Lin Wong; Editing by Eric Meijer)
15
U.S. marshals to auction 50,000 bitcoins from Silk Road
Wed Feb 18, 2015 1:56pm EST
  NEW YORK The U.S. government on Wednesday said it plans to auction 50,000 bitcoins on March 5, following the recent criminal conviction of Ross Ulbricht for being the mastermind behind the online black market known as Silk Road.The auction being conducted by the U.S. Marshals Service is the third for bitcoins seized in connection with Silk Road, which prosecutors said let customers buy and sell drugs and other illegal goods beneath the radar of law enforcement.A federal jury in Manhattan on Feb. 4 found Ulbricht guilty of narcotics and other charges for helping to enable about $200 million of anonymous online drug sales using bitcoins.Prosecutors said Ulbricht, 30, had run Silk Road under the pseudonym "Dread Pirate Roberts" before the website was shut down in October 2013.Ulbricht conceded that he created Silk Road, but was not responsible for illegal activity conducted there.  The marshals service said the 50,000 bitcoins are being offered in 10 blocks of 2,000, and 10 blocks of 3,000.Bidders must register for the six-hour auction by March 2, and winners will be notified on March 6. Details are available at (here). Bitcoins are an online virtual currency that has lost roughly 80 percent of its value since its peak closing high of $1,147.25 on Dec. 4, 2013, according to the digital currency news website CoinDesk.The volatility results in part from bitcoin's lack of central oversight and small trading volume.In afternoon trading, the value of one bitcoin had fallen $9.83, or 4 percent, to $234.87.. The marshals service auctioned 29,655 bitcoins from Silk Road last June and 50,000 more in December, when they were respectively worth about $601 and $369 each.Ulbricht consented to the latest auction in connection with a civil forfeiture proceeding. He faces up to life in prison when he is sentenced in the criminal case on May 15. (Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New York; Editing by Tom Brown)
16
China pays big to expand its clout along the new Silk Road
Mon Nov 10, 2014 4:02pm EST
  CHONGQING China China, already at the center of world trade, plans to spend billions of dollars to revive intercontinental land routes and develop maritime links to expand commerce and give it more weight in a freight system dominated by European shipping lines. President Xi Jinping set out his vision during a September 2013 visit to Kazakhstan and on Saturday he announced an initial $40 billion for a "Silk Road fund" to invest in infrastructure and industrial and financial cooperation, aiming to "break the connectivity bottleneck" in Asia.The modern-day Silk Road starts at Tuanjie Village, the name - meaning "solidarity" -  given to a railway station encircled by container depots in Chongqing, a city of 30 million where laptop maker Hewlett Packard and Apple supplier Foxconn have factories, among others.The first stirrings of this new Silk Road predate Xi's plan: a direct train to Duisburg in Germany left Chongqing in 2011.A map published by state news agency Xinhua envisages two routes: an overland one snaking through Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan and Iran en route to Vienna in Austria; and a maritime route from Chinese ports to Belgium's Antwerp. Details remain sketchy, but Xinhua said the plan would focus on China's Silk Road Economic Belt and the 21st Century Maritime Silk Road initiative, building roads, railways, ports and airports across Central and South Asia."It is China's wish to have an independent route," said Henrik Christensen, president of global logistics at KTZ Express, part of Kazakhstan Railways, which helped develop the Chongqing-Duisburg route. "The cost of it is so mind-blowingly big and I would say that the only country in the world that could ever dream of this is China," he said.     One consideration may be the potential for trouble and disruption in the South China Sea, where China is in dispute with several countries over territorial rights.Another is the fact that the biggest container shipping lines are European, such as AP Moeller Maersk A/S.There are more than 240 Chinese shipping firms but they carry only a quarter of the country's trade, the Ministry of Transport said in September, when the government announced tax and regulatory reforms to modernize the sector.                Based on Reuters calculations, state-backed firms have already invested at least $5 billion in transport infrastructure over the past decade along routes that run through Central Asia and weave around Sri Lanka as well as along the Red Sea.The maritime route links the Chinese ports of Fuzhou and Guangzhou with ports in Indonesia, Sri Lanka, Kenya and Greece. Some don't see much connection there. "Of course it's lovely to call it a Maritime Silk Road and talk about a lot of synergies, but in truth what really are the synergies between these ports?" said Jonathan Beard, head of ports and logistics at consultancy ICF International.LOSS-MAKINGFirms such as China Merchants Holdings, China Railway Construction Corp, Cosco Pacific and China Communications Construction Company have built or manage about 10 ports and have offered investment in at least five rail projects in Kyrgyzstan, Kenya and elsewhere.  China's Exim Bank financed 85 percent of the cost of the $361 million first phase of Sri Lanka's Hambantota Port, which was constructed by China Harbour Engineering. A Chinese-Turkish consortium led by China Railway Construction built the $4 billion Ankara-Istanbul high-speed rail line in Turkey.The train services from Chongqing to Duisburg, and from other Chinese cities such as Chengdu and Wuhan to Europe, are loss-making and subsidized by local governments in China to support demand, according to Chinese rail officials. But neither cost nor political risks along some of the routes seem to be important for the Chinese firms involved.China Ocean Shipping Groupwants to use its extensive trade network to help increase Chongqing-Duisburg rail volumes and is ready to launch more shipping routes. The initiative "is a request from our country", Chairman Ma Zehua said during a shipping conference last week."Businesses like ours are, of course, willing to take part in the process, to contribute to its development and also benefit from it to advance our businesses," he said.  (Editing by Alan Raybould)
17
China eyes export fillip in modern Silk Road
Wed May 6, 2015 7:09am EDT
  BEIJING China should make use of its plans to build a modern Silk Road to drive its exports of rail, energy, construction and telecommunication equipment, the country's cabinet said on Wednesday.Formally known as the "One Belt, One Road" project, the new Silk Road scheme should adopt flexible investment and construction policies to lift overseas demand and employment and drive China's equipment exports, the State Council said.China's financial sector should also be developed to drive exports, the cabinet said in an online statement after a weekly meeting. A yuan payments system will be built, regulations for overseas investment simplified, and more uses found for China's $3.7 trillion foreign exchange reserves.The new Silk Road project aims to build an array of infrastructure links across Central, West and South Asia to as far as Greece, Russia and Oman, increasing China's connections to Europe and Africa. President Xi Jinping said in March that he hoped China's annual trade with the countries along the modern Silk Road would surpass $2.5 trillion in about a decade. Back home, red-tape will be cut for at least 200 business proceedings that require governmental approval, the cabinet said.And to increase the privatization of Chinese healthcare, residents who buy private health insurance will get tax rebates for premium payments of less than 2,400 yuan ($387).  (Reporting by Koh Gui Qing; Editing by Jacqueline Wong)
18
China sets up coordinating group for modern Silk Road
Fri Apr 17, 2015 6:09am EDT
  BEIJING, April 17 China has set up a senior-level coordination group to oversee Beijing's plan to create a modern Silk Road, a Communist Party news website said on Friday, as efforts gather pace on a scheme China hopes will generate $2.5 trillion in trade in a decade.Vice Premier Zhang Gaoli will head the group, with deputies including China's top diplomat State Councillor Yang Jiechi, Vice Premier Wang Yang, and Wang Huning, head of the party's Policy Research Office and a key aide of President Xi Jinping, the CPC News website said.It provided no other details. Such groups are typically set up to run important policy initiatives, and the one for the new Silk Road project, termed formally by China as the "One Belt, One Road" initiative, underscores the government's commitment to the scheme. Projects under the plan include a network of railways, highways, oil and gas pipelines, power grids, Internet networks, maritime and other infrastructure links across Central, West and South Asia to as far as Greece, Russia and Oman, increasing China's connections to Europe and Africa. Xi said last month that he hoped its annual trade with the countries involved in Beijing's plan to create a modern Silk Road would surpass $2.5 trillion in a decade.    (Reporting by Ben Blanchard; Editing by Nick Macfie)
19
Accused Silk Road operator never abandoned website, U.S. tells jury
Tue Feb 3, 2015 5:09pm EST
  NEW YORK A U.S. prosecutor sought on Tuesday to dissuade jurors from believing that the man who created the underground website Silk Road and is facing drug trafficking charges abandoned the venture long before it was shut down.Ross Ulbricht, who is on trial in Manhattan federal court, has acknowledged creating Silk Road, where drugs and other goods could be bought with bitcoins. But his lawyer said he sold the website and was the victim of a set-up by its actual operator.During closing arguments, a prosecutor called that claim "absurd" in light of the "mountain of evidence" seized from Silk Road servers and Ulbricht's laptop showing he ran the website from start to finish, using the alias Dread Pirate Roberts."He built it, he grew it, he operated it from start to bottom until the end, when he was arrested logged into the website as its mastermind," said the prosecutor, Serrin Turner.But Joshua Dratel, Ulbricht's lawyer, said files linking the defendant to the website were planted through hacking by the real Dread Pirate Roberts, who lured him back in at the end."It was easy to reconstruct this in a way that would frame Mr. Ulbricht," Dratel said. Silk Road operated from at least January 2011 until October 2013, when authorities seized it and arrested Ulbricht.By that time, Silk Road had generated nearly $213.9 million in sales and $13.2 million in commissions, prosecutors said.Ulbricht, 30, faces seven criminal counts, including narcotics trafficking conspiracy, for his role in building what Turner called "an online storefront for drug dealers." Turner said the Dread Pirate Roberts alias, borrowed from a character in the 1987 movie "The Princess Bride," was a "bogus cover story" that suggested the name could be passed to others as in the film."The defendant is trying to dust off the old 'Dread Pirate Roberts' flag and fly it one more time - before you, ladies and gentlemen," Turner told jurors.Dratel, in contrast, pointed to a friend's testimony that Ulbricht in November 2011 claimed to have sold Silk Road. Changes to the website showed it was run by someone else as Dread Pirate Roberts, Dratel said. The lawyer said someone then created fake files sprinkled with details about Ulbricht's real life that could be found easily on websites such as Facebook, as authorities zeroed in.Jury deliberations are expected to begin on Wednesday.The case is U.S. v. Ulbricht, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 13-06919. (Reporting by Nate Raymond; Editing by Noeleen Walder and Dan Grebler)
20
China to create bank to fund 'New Silk Road': official media
Wed Nov 12, 2014 7:24pm EST
  SHANGHAI China plans to establish a new bank to fund development of the "New Silk Road", pouring billions of dollars into projects to revive intercontinental land routes and maritime links through central Asia, state media reported Thursday.The official China Securities Journal said related government departments would establish the "Marine Silk Road Bank", with a minimum paid-in capital of 5 billion yuan ($816.23 million), to be funded by the Marine Silk Road Investment Management Fund and by unnamed ASEAN member countries.China's president Xi Jinping said on Saturday that China would put $40 billion into a special New Silk Road fund to drive investment in infrastructure, speed industrial and financial cooperation and "break the connectivity bottleneck" in Asia. The initiative will also reduce China's dependence on freight lines dominated by European shippers and its exposure to sea lanes patrolled by the U.S. navy, plus develop new markets for Chinese exports. Chinese stock markets have celebrated the news, seen as directing fresh spending toward infrastructure-related companies.   (Reporting by Pete Sweeney and the Shanghai Newsroom; Editing by Michael Perry)
21
Accused Silk Road operator never abandoned website, U.S. tells jury
Tue Feb 3, 2015 5:09pm EST
  NEW YORK A U.S. prosecutor sought on Tuesday to dissuade jurors from believing that the man who created the underground website Silk Road and is facing drug trafficking charges abandoned the venture long before it was shut down.Ross Ulbricht, who is on trial in Manhattan federal court, has acknowledged creating Silk Road, where drugs and other goods could be bought with bitcoins. But his lawyer said he sold the website and was the victim of a set-up by its actual operator.During closing arguments, a prosecutor called that claim "absurd" in light of the "mountain of evidence" seized from Silk Road servers and Ulbricht's laptop showing he ran the website from start to finish, using the alias Dread Pirate Roberts."He built it, he grew it, he operated it from start to bottom until the end, when he was arrested logged into the website as its mastermind," said the prosecutor, Serrin Turner.But Joshua Dratel, Ulbricht's lawyer, said files linking the defendant to the website were planted through hacking by the real Dread Pirate Roberts, who lured him back in at the end."It was easy to reconstruct this in a way that would frame Mr. Ulbricht," Dratel said. Silk Road operated from at least January 2011 until October 2013, when authorities seized it and arrested Ulbricht.By that time, Silk Road had generated nearly $213.9 million in sales and $13.2 million in commissions, prosecutors said.Ulbricht, 30, faces seven criminal counts, including narcotics trafficking conspiracy, for his role in building what Turner called "an online storefront for drug dealers." Turner said the Dread Pirate Roberts alias, borrowed from a character in the 1987 movie "The Princess Bride," was a "bogus cover story" that suggested the name could be passed to others as in the film."The defendant is trying to dust off the old 'Dread Pirate Roberts' flag and fly it one more time - before you, ladies and gentlemen," Turner told jurors.Dratel, in contrast, pointed to a friend's testimony that Ulbricht in November 2011 claimed to have sold Silk Road. Changes to the website showed it was run by someone else as Dread Pirate Roberts, Dratel said. The lawyer said someone then created fake files sprinkled with details about Ulbricht's real life that could be found easily on websites such as Facebook, as authorities zeroed in.Jury deliberations are expected to begin on Wednesday.The case is U.S. v. Ulbricht, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 13-06919. (Reporting by Nate Raymond; Editing by Noeleen Walder and Dan Grebler)
22
China stocks surge to 7-yr highs on Silk Road building project, easing hopes
Mon Mar 30, 2015 3:13am EDT
  SHANGHAI, March 30 China stocks surged to seven-year highs on Monday on hopes that more infrastructure spending and policy stimulus will re-energise the cooling economy and boost corporate profits.The CSI300 index of the largest listed companies in Shanghai and Shenzhen rose 2.9 percent, to 4,088.18 points, while the Shanghai Composite Index gained 2.6 percent, to 3,786.57 points.Infrastructure-related shares climbed 5.6 percent  after Beijing unveiled details of an ambitious plan to improve links from Asia to Europe and Africa.The project, a network of railways, highways and other infrastructure, would create a new Silk Road that President Xi Jinping said would in a decade generate $2.5 trillion in annual trade with the countries involved. Shares were also supported by dovish comments from central bank Governor Zhou Xiaochuan at the weekend that reinforced expectations for further monetary easing to support the slowing economy.In addition, investor enthusiasm got a boost from a commentary in Monday's People's Daily saying China's bull market can aid the country's economic restructuring. The article from the Communist Party's mouthpiece added to signs that policymakers support the stock market's rise, despite some analysts' concerns that prices have run up too much, too fast. Among the most active stocks in Shanghai were China State Construction, up 10.0 percent to 7.94 yuan; Bank Of China, up 3.2 percent to 4.46 yuan; and Agricultural Bank Of China, up 2.8 percent to 3.74 yuan. In Shenzhen, BOE Technology, up 1.5 percent to 4.10 yuan; Vanke, up 6.7 percent to 14.24 yuan and Zoomlion, up 10.0 percent to 7.56 yuan were among the most actively traded.Property shares surged more than 7 percent on rumours that the central bank would hold an emergency news conference in the afternoon, which the People's Bank of China later denied.Total volume of A shares traded in Shanghai was 56.3 billion shares, while Shenzhen volume was 29.7 billion shares.    (Reporting by Samuel Shen and Pete Sweeney; Editing by Kim Coghill)
23
REFILE-China, Hong Kong shares jump on Silk Road initiative, policy easing hopes
Mon Mar 30, 2015 1:00am EDT
  (Refiles to fix spelling in headline)* .CSI300 +1.7; SSEC: 1.6 pct; HSI: 1.5 pct* Infrastructure stocks surge on China's Modern Silk Road plan* Expectations of easing rise after Zhou's warning on deflationBy Samuel Shen and Pete SweeneySHANGHAI, March 30 (Reuters) - China stocks jumped nearly 2 percent to near seven-year-highs and Hong Kong shares also rose sharply on Monday after Beijing unveiled details of an ambitious plan to construct a modern Silk Road to improve links from Asia to Europe and Africa.Shares were also supported by weekend comments from central bank governor Zhou Xiaochuan that reinforced expectations for further monetary easing to support the slowing economy. The CSI300 index rose 1.7 percent, to 4,039.30 points at the end of the morning session, while the Shanghai Composite Index gained 1.6 percent, to 3,750.92 points.In Hong Kong, the Hang Seng index added 1.5 percent, to 24,853.37 points.The Hong Kong China Enterprises Index, which tracks Chinese companies listed in Hong Kong in the form of so-called "H shares", jumped 3.4 percent, after China's securities regulator said on Friday it would let mainland mutual funds invest in Hong Kong shares via the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect. Investor enthusiasm also got a boost from a commentary in Monday's People's Daily saying China's bull market would benefit from economic restructuring. The article from the Communist Party's mouthpiece added to signs that policymakers support the stock market's rise.Infrastructure-related stocks surged as investors bet train makers, power generators and port operators would benefit from China's so-called "One Belt, One Road" initiative. The project, a network of railways, highways and other infrastructure, would create a new Silk Road that President Xi Jinping said would in a decade generate $2.5 trillion in annual trade with the countries involved.Analysts expect investment in the project this year alone could reach 300 billion yuan to 400 billion yuan ($48-64 billion). "The initiative is a boon to many of China's struggling industries," said Alex Kwok, Hong Kong-based strategist at China Investment Securities (HK).Kwok said that stocks rose also because of rising expectations of monetary easing after People's Bank of China Governor Zhou warned on Sunday that the country needs to be vigilant for signs of deflation. The central bank has already cut interest rates twice and banks' reserve requirements once since November."China's economy is under relatively big downward pressure, and the government is struggling to meet the 7 percent growth target this year. So Zhou's comment sends a strong signal of more easing policies ahead."Referring to the plan to let China mutual funds trade Hong Kong stocks, Kwok said the move would help reduce the valuation gap between the two markets, as mainland fund managers will likely use this channel to bargain hunt for Hong Kong-listed shares, which currently trade at about a 35 percent discount to their mainland peers on average."I expect mainland shares to keep rising, while Hong Kong stocks will likely move closer to their China peers in terms of valuation."Further gains in China's stock market could be fuelled by fresh money inflows, as many investors who long shunned shares as too risky are now piling in, snapping up newly-launched mutual funds often in days.      ($1 = 6.2108 Chinese yuan renminbi)   (Editing by Kim Coghill)
24
Silk Road drug dealer testifies against website's alleged operator
Wed Jan 28, 2015 7:18pm EST
  NEW YORK A New York computer consultant testified on Wednesday about how a heroin addiction led him to become a prolific drug dealer on Silk Road, as prosecutors moved closer to finishing their case against the underground website's alleged operator.The testimony in Manhattan federal court by Michael Duch, 40, marked the first time jurors weighing the fate of suspected Silk Road mastermind Ross Ulbricht heard from a vendor on the website, where drugs and other illicit goods could be secretly bought with bitcoins.Duch, who has been incarcerated since pleading guilty and came dressed in jail garb, told jurors a heroin habit that cost him up to $3,500 a week led him to deal the drug on Silk Road, where he previously bought pain killers."I saw the ease that came with it," Duch said. "There was a perceived level of safety as well as anonymity."Duch, who in 2012 earned $75,000 through computer consulting, said he earned $60,000 to $70,000 a month selling ultimately 3.18 kilograms of heroin on Silk Road under the alias "deezletime" from April 2013 until his arrest in October 2013. The testimony came in the third week of trial of Ulbricht, 30, who has pleaded not guilty to charges, including conspiracy to commit narcotics trafficking. Prosecutors expect to rest their case by Monday.Prosecutors say Ulbricht operated Silk Road under the alias "Dread Pirate Roberts" in a scheme that generated $200 million in drug sales until authorities shut it down.Duch, 40, was arrested in Warwick, New York, the same day as Ulbricht, although court records suggest the investigations were initially not related. Duch pleaded guilty in December to conspiracy to sell drugs, including heroin. While he faces 40 years maximum, he testified that he hopes to avoid a five-year mandatory minimum by cooperating with prosecutors.Duch, who said he did not know the identity of Dread Pirate Roberts, was the second cooperating witness to testify against Ulbricht.Richard Bates, a college friend of Ulbricht's, previously testified under a non-prosecution agreement that Ulbricht told him he created and ran Silk Road. Prosecutors said on Monday they decided not to call a third cooperator, Andrew Michael Jones, one of three alleged Silk Road staff members indicted in 2013.Jones had been in plea talks as of September, although court records give no indication of any change of plea since. His lawyer declined comment.The case is U.S. v. Ulbricht, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 13-06919. (Reporting by Nate Raymond in New York. Editing by Andre Grenon)
25
FBI raids alleged online drug market Silk Road, arrests owner
Wed Oct 2, 2013 11:36am EDT
  NEW YORK Oct 2 U.S. law enforcement authorities raided an Internet site that served as a marketplace for illegal drugs, including heroin and cocaine, and arrested its owner, the Federal Bureau of Investigation said on Wednesday. The FBI arrested Ross William Ulbricht, known as "Dread Pirate Roberts," in San Francisco on Tuesday, according to court filings. Federal prosecutors charged Ulbricht with one count each of narcotics trafficking conspiracy, computer hacking conspiracy and money laundering conspiracy, according to a court filing.  
26
Accused Silk Road creator goes to trial amid U.S. scrutiny of bitcoin
Mon Jan 12, 2015 4:05pm EST
  NEW YORK A U.S. crackdown on use of the digital currency bitcoin for drug trafficking and other crimes is headed for its highest-profile test yet, as a trial begins for the alleged creator of an online marketplace catering to vice.Jury selection is scheduled for Tuesday in Manhattan federal court in the case of Ross Ulbricht, who authorities say created Silk Road, an online black market where drugs and others illegal goods could be bought anonymously using bitcoins.The trial, expected to run for up to six weeks, will cast a spotlight on the dark side of virtual currencies and so-called Darknet markets where illicit goods can be secretly bought.Ulbricht, 30, has never conceded creating Silk Road and has pleaded not guilty to seven counts including operating a continuing criminal enterprise and conspiracy to commit narcotics trafficking.Prosecutors say Ulbricht took extreme steps to protect Silk Road, soliciting the murder of six people who posed a threat. No evidence exists the murders were carried out.The former Eagle Scout faces up to life in prison if convicted. His supporters include bitcoin enthusiasts and libertarians, who call the case an attack on Internet freedom."It's not just about one man and one family, but it's something that will impact law going into the 21st Century," Lyn Ulbricht, his mother, told a libertarian gathering in June.Joshua Dratel, his lawyer, declined comment. 'ECONOMIC SIMULATION'Silk Road operated from at least January 2011 to October 2013, authorities say, generating sales of $1.2 billion and commissions of $80 million by the time the FBI seized it and arrested Ulbricht.Prosecutors say Ulbricht ran it as the "Dread Pirate Roberts," an alias borrowed from a character in the 1987 movie "The Princess Bride." The website relied on the so-called Tor network, which lets users communicate anonymously.The website was created after Ulbricht, a Texas native with a bachelor's degree in physics, left graduate studies at the Pennsylvania State University in 2010. On LinkedIn, Ulbricht wrote that his goals had "shifted" and he was now "creating an economic simulation to give people a first-hand experience of what it would be like to live in a world without the systemic use of force."Prosecutors say the "economic simulation" was Silk Road, which made him rich: From his laptop, the government seized 144,336 bitcoins that on Friday were worth $41.2 million.While Ulbricht was charged in a separate case in Maryland over an alleged murder-for-hire plot, the New York indictment does not have substantive charges regarding them.    U.S. District Judge Katherine Forrest, who is presiding over the case in Manhattan court, has said she will allow prosecutors to present evidence on allegations Ulbricht ordered killings to defend his business. NEW MARKETS While Silk Road's takedown marked a high point in efforts to disrupt illegal Darknet market activity, law enforcement continues to wrestle with it.Similar websites have since emerged, and by December they had 78 percent more drug listings since Silk Road's seizure, according to Internet safety nonprofit Digital Citizens Alliance.Among the new websites was one under Silk Road's name, leading to charges in November against alleged creator Blake Benthall amid a broader U.S. and European seizure of dozens of websites.Even then, the bust did not shutter larger websites like Evolution, which unlike Silk Road also sells weapons and stolen credit cards, the Digital Citizens Alliance says.Manhattan U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara, whose office is prosecuting Ulbricht, compared it to "a game of Whac-A-Mole" but said that did not mean giving up."The best way to go about it is to keep at it," he said. "Ultimately you have the deterrent effect, because people realize, 'We can't change our ops enough not to get caught.'" (Reporting by Nate Raymond in New York; Additional reporting by Aruna Viswanatha in Washington; Editing by Noeleen Walder, David Ingram and Andrew Hay)
27
New Silk Road drug bazaar opens a month after FBI bust
Thu Nov 7, 2013 3:41am EST
  SAN FRANCISCO A new anonymous Internet marketplace for illegal drugs debuted on Wednesday, with the same name and appearance as the Silk Road website shut down by U.S. law enforcement authorities a month ago.Like its predecessor, the new Silk Road listed hundreds of advertisements for marijuana, cocaine, ecstasy and other illegal drugs available for purchase from independent sellers using the anonymous Bitcoin digital currency.On October 1, the Federal Bureau of Investigation shut down the original Silk Road and arrested its alleged mastermind, Ross William Ulbricht, 29, known online as "Dread Pirate Roberts," in San Francisco."It took the FBI two-and-a-half years to do what they did ... but four weeks of temporary silence is all they got," a site administrator wrote, also using the "Dread Pirate Roberts" moniker.The FBI declined to comment on the new version of the Silk Road. For more than two years, the original site acted like an eBay of vice, allowing users to buy and sell illegal goods and services on the assumption that they were safe from the law. Deliveries were made through the mail in discrete packages.U.S. authorities also say Ulbricht had tried to call out a hit on a user who had threatened to expose the identities of thousands of Silk Road users. Ulbricht's lawyer on Wednesday said his client would plead not guilty to drug trafficking, hacking and money laundering charges.The charges against Ulbricht said his website generated sales of more than 9.5 million Bitcoins, roughly equivalent to $1.2 billion.The new website improves on technology from the previous Silk Road meant to keep identities secret, including measures to keep users from losing their Bitcoins in case the site shuts down, according to the new Dread Pirate Roberts. Senator Tom Carper, a top lawmaker on the Homeland Security committee, who plans to hold a hearing on digital currencies this month, said the new Silk Road site shows that government needs to adapt to fast-moving technology."Rather than play 'whack-a-mole' with the latest website, currency, or other method criminals are using in an effort to evade the law, we need to develop thoughtful, nimble and sensible federal policies that protect the public without stifling innovation and economic growth," Carper said in a statement.A week after authorities shut down the Silk Road, British police said they arrested four men accused of being significant users of the site. Two weeks ago, federal prosecutors said 144,336 Bitcoins were discovered on Ulbricht's confiscated computer, adding to more than 30,000 Bitcoins previously seized.With the digital currency trading at an all-time on Wednesday, those Bitcoins were worth close to $50 million, according to the Mt Gox trading website.Like the original Silk Road, users access the new site using a no-cost, anti-surveillance service known as the Tor network instead of traditional web browsers.The relaunched Silk Road will soon hire staff to handle marketing for the site, the administrator mentioned in his post."The Silk Road has risen once more. ... Open communication with your old suppliers and customers, let this wonderful news be taken to all corners of the Tor Network and beyond," the person wrote.(Additional reporting by Emily Flitter in New York and Brett Wolf in St. Louis; Editing by Leslie Gevirtz and Lisa Shumaker)
28
Hong Kong shares jump on China's Silk Road initiative, easing hopes
Mon Mar 30, 2015 4:12am EDT
  March 30 Hong Kong's benchmark Hang Seng index  posted its biggest daily gain in more than two months on Monday, as investors bet that more infrastructure spending and policy stimulus will re-energise China's cooling economy.The Hong Kong China Enterprises Index, which tracks Chinese companies listed in Hong Kong in the form of so-called "H shares", surged 3.4 percent, its biggest daily gain this year.Chinese regulators said on Friday it would let mainland mutual funds invest in Hong Kong shares via the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect scheme.Shares rose after Beijing unveiled details of its ambitious "new Silk Road" initiative to improve links from Asia to Europe and Africa, which analysts expect would trigger a wave of investment. Also boosting shares were dovish comments from central bank Governor Zhou Xiaochuan at the weekend that reinforced expectations for further monetary easing. The Hang Seng index rose 1.5 percent, to 24,855.12, while the China Enterprises Index gained 3.4 percent, to 12,306.56 points.The HSI's gain was the biggest since Jan. 21. Among the most actively traded stocks on Hong Kong's main board were SMIC, up 5.6 percent to HK$0.75  Bank Of China, up 3.2 percent to HK$4.46 and China Mining , up 9.7 percent to HK$0.17.Total trading volume of companies included in the HSI index was 2.7 billion shares.    (Writing by Samuel Shen and Pete Sweeney; Editing by Richard Borsuk)
29
U.S. probed Mt. Gox CEO as possible Silk Road mastermind: agent
Thu Jan 15, 2015 9:20pm EST
  NEW YORK A U.S. agent investigating Silk Road told jurors at a trial of accused operator Ross Ulbricht that he believed in 2013 that the former chief of the Mt. Gox bitcoin exchange, Mark Karpeles, may have been the mastermind behind the black market website.Questioning of Jared Der-Yeghiayan, a U.S. Department of Homeland Security special agent, showed Ulbricht's defense was seeking to cast doubts over the allegation that Ulbricht was Silk Road's operator, known as "Dread Pirate Roberts." Ulbricht's lawyer Joshua Dratel pointed to Karpeles, who was CEO of Mt. Gox. The company filed for bankruptcy a year ago after saying it lost nearly half a billion dollars worth of virtual coins."Our position is he set up Mr. Ulbricht," Dratel said outside jurors' presence. Karpeles, who was never charged, denied he had anything to do with Silk Road."This is probably going to be disappointing for you, but I am not and have never been Dread Pirate Roberts," he said in an email sent to Reuters and other media. "The investigation reached that conclusion already - this is why I am not the one sitting during the Silk Road trial, and I can only feel defense attorney Joshua Dratel trying everything he can to point the attention away from his client." Dratel, in opening statements on Tuesday, said that while Ulbricht created Silk Road, he handed it off to others and became their "fall guy."Der-Yeghiayan testified on Thursday in Manhattan federal court that as late as August 2013 he believed that Karpeles actually controlled the website, where drugs and illicit goods could be bought anonymously.Under questioning by Ulbricht's lawyer, Der-Yeghiayan said that as part of a search warrant for Karpeles' Google email account he had said there was probable cause to believe he controlled Silk Road.It was not clear from the trial how Der-Yeghiayan's views had since changed. He testified on Wednesday that an Internal Revenue Service agent had flagged Ulbricht that September as Dread Pirate Roberts’ possible alter ego.  Silk Road, which took payment in bitcoin, operated from 2011 to October 2013, generating $200 million in drug sales, prosecutors say.Ulbricht, 30, faces seven counts including operating a continuing criminal enterprise and conspiracy to commit narcotics trafficking.The investigation of Karpeles was separate from the events leading to the hacking attack on Tokyo-based Mt. Gox last year that led to its filing for bankruptcy.Der-Yeghiayan said that at the time he was investigating Karpeles, investigators theorized Silk Road was operated in part to drive bitcoin prices up. The August 2013 search warrant followed earlier grand jury subpoenas and another search warrant that Der-Yeghiayan said were issued targeting companies linked to Karpeles as part of the Silk Road probe.But in July 2013, Der-Yeghiayan, who worked in Chicago, testified that over his objections, federal prosecutors in Baltimore met with Karpeles as part of an investigation over unlicensed money transfers.Exact details of the meeting were unclear and are expected to be part of Der-Yeghiayan's testimony when trial resumes Tuesday.Dratel sought to elicit testimony that Karpeles had offered to "tell the government who he thought runs Silk Road" to avoid charges.The case is U.S. v. Ulbricht, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 13-06919. (Additional reporting by Ritsuko Ando in Tokyo and Emily Flitter in New York; Editing by Leslie Adler and Lisa Shumaker)
30
U.S. charges man says linked to Silk Road successor site in drug scheme
Tue Jan 20, 2015 2:38pm EST
  Jan 20 U.S. authorities announced charges Tuesday against a Washington state man they say assisted in the management of the successor website to Silk Road, an online black market bazaar where drugs and other illicit goods could be bought with bitcoin.Brian Farrell, 26, was arrested late Friday on a charge of conspiracy to distribute heroin, methamphetamine and cocaine in connection with a criminal complaint filed in federal court in Seattle that outlined his alleged role as a staff member for the Silk Road 2.0 website.Farrell's arrest came as a trial continued in New York federal court in the case of Ross Ulbricht, the alleged operator of the original Silk Road, which authorities say Ulbricht ran under the alias "Dread Pirate Roberts."Silk Road 2.0 was launched late in 2013, weeks after authorities had shuttered the original Silk Road website and arrested Ulbricht. Like the original website, Silk Road 2.0 allowed users to anonymously buy and sell drugs, computer hacking tools and other illicit items, using the digital currency bitcoin, authorities said.In November, federal authorities in Manhattan announced they had shut down Silk Road 2.0 and arrested its alleged operator, Blake Benthall, who prosecutors say operated the website under the name "Defcon." Prosecutors say Farrell was a key assistant to Benthall and was part of a small staff of online administrators and forum moderators, using the moniker "DoctorClu."Earlier this month, U.S. authorities executed a search warrant on his residence in Bellevue, Washington, and interviewed Farrell, the complaint said. After being confronted with the fact that an IP address for the residence was linked to Silk Road 2.0, Farrell said he worked as Defcon's righthand man and served as his spokesman, the complaint said.A lawyer for Farrell could not be reached for comment Monday. Benthall's lawyer declined comment.The case is U.S. v. Farrell, U.S. District Court, Western District of Washington, No. 15-mj-00016.   (Reporting by Nate Raymond in New York; Editing by Leslie Adler)
31
Lagunas, Kelleher, and Karsh to Keynote SilkRoad Connections User Conference, June 7-10 in Orlando, Florida
Tue May 5, 2015 10:28am EDT
    Lagunas, Kelleher, and Karsh to Keynote SilkRoad Connections User Conference, June 7-10 in Orlando, Florida     Talent Management Solution Leader to Announce "Golden Portal Award" for Best Achievement in New Hire Onboarding  CHICAGO, IL--(Marketwired - May 05, 2015) - SilkRoad, a leading global provider of cloud-based talent management solutions, today announced the keynote speaker lineup for Connections 2015, SilkRoad's annual global user event, which includes authors Brad Karsh and Bob Kelleher, and well-known analyst Kyle Lagunas. Along with 30+ HRCI credit approved sessions, product knowledge sessions, and networking events at the Hilton Bonnet Creek event, SilkRoad will award the first ever "Golden Portal" for achievement in new hire onboarding portal design. Visit http://connections.silkroad.com for details.Click here to tweet this release.Connections 2015 will also feature The Golden Portal Awards, which will be broadcast live via webcast! Employer branding experts, including Kyle Lagunas of Brandon Hall Group, will select the best company onboarding site and provide actionable insight on how attendees can enhance their own employer brand and leverage the entire new hire onboarding process for employee and organization success. To learn more and to register for the live webcast visit: http://hr1.silkroad.com/golden-portal "This year's user conference will prove to be a valuable experience for SilkRoad customers of every experience level and interest," said John Shackleton, President and CEO of SilkRoad. "Connections 2015 brings together valuable resources so that attendees can engage product experts, share experiences and knowledge, and return to their organizations with new ideas and new ways to leverage SilkRoad as a talent management partner."Conference HighlightsKeynote Speakers: Brad Karsh, Bob Kelleher, and Kyle LagunasOver 30 HRCI credit approved sessions covering Industry Insights and Strategy & TrendsUser success stories and case studiesBeginner through Advanced product training and product topic sessionsKnowledge Lab providing access to SilkRoad expertsGolden Portal Awards for best onboarding sitePartner Pavilion with over a dozen SilkRoad partnersAnd networking events, activities, and much more! For a full agenda and to register for the event visit: http://connections.silkroad.comAdditional ResourcesRegister for ConnectionsMeet the Keynote SpeakersSee the AgendaFollow @SilkRoadTweets and #SRUC15 About SilkRoad SilkRoad is a leading global provider of cloud-based, end-to-end talent management solutions that enable customers to find, attract, develop, and retain the best talent. The award-winning SilkRoad Life Suite includes Talent Acquisition, Talent Development, and HRMS solutions that are delivered through a tablet-friendly Talent Portal. The suite is easy to deploy and use -- a single platform to rapidly boost employee engagement and business performance. Visit www.silkroad.com, follow on Twitter @SilkRoadTweets or call 866-329-3363 (U.S. toll free) or +1-312-574-3700.  Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2015/5/5/11G040572/Images/Golden_Portal_Award__1_-877089284792.jpg Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2015/5/5/11G040572/Images/SRConnections-1037957493061.jpg  Contact:  Ryan Rivera Ryan.Rivera@silkroad.com 312.300.4420    
32
Accused Silk Road operator maintained journal about website: U.S
Wed Jan 21, 2015 3:29pm EST
  NEW YORK The accused operator of the online black marketplace Silk Road had a digital journal on his laptop detailing the development of the website and predicting it would become a "phenomenon," jurors heard on Wednesday.Prosecutors showed jurors in Manhattan federal court journal entry excerpts dated in 2010 and 2011 found on a laptop seized when the FBI arrested Ross Ulbricht, who authorities say operated the website where drugs and other illicit goods could be bought with bitcoins."Silk Road is going to become a phenomenon and at least one person will tell me about it, unknowing that I was its creator," a 2010 journal entry on Ulbricht's laptop said.The documents came on the fifth day of the high-profile trial to spill out of U.S. authorities' efforts to crack down on the use of the digital currency bitcoin for drug trafficking and other crimes.Prosecutors say Ulbricht operated Silk Road under the alias "Dread Pirate Roberts" in a scheme that generated $200 million in drug sales until authorities shut the website down. Ulbricht has pleaded not guilty to charges including conspiracy to commit narcotics trafficking. Joshua Dratel, his lawyer, has acknowledged Ulbricht created Silk Road but says his client became the "fall guy" for its true operators.Prosecutors introduced the journal entries as well as chatlogs found on the laptop in an effort to demonstrate Ulbricht was Silk Road's operator.A 2010 entry on Ulbricht's laptop said the website was originally going to be called "Underground Brokers." "The idea was to create a website where people could buy anything anonymously, with no trail whatsoever that could lead back to them," the journal said.A 2011 journal entry detailed the launch of Silk Road, a "huge spike in signups" after getting press attention and calls by two U.S. senators for Silk Road's shutdown."I was mentally taxed, and now I felt extremely vulnerable and scared," the journal said. "The US govt, my main enemy was aware of me and some of it's members were calling for my destruction." A Dec. 29, 2011, journal entry detailed going out that day  with a woman who knew "I work with bitcoin" and telling her about having "secrets.""It felt wrong to lie completely so I tried to tell the truth without revealing the bad part, but now I am in a jam," the entry wrote. "Everyone knows too much. Dammit."The case is U.S. v. Ulbricht, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 13-06919. (Reporting by Nate Raymond in New York; editing by Andrew Hay)
33
U.S. agent says became covert Silk Road employee
Wed Jan 14, 2015 7:45pm EST
  NEW YORK A federal agent told jurors on Wednesday he covertly became an employee of the website Silk Road, chatting with its operator about "damn regulators" minutes before authorities arrested the man they believe ran the online black market.Jared Der-Yeghiayan, a U.S. Department of Homeland Security special agent, testified in Manhattan federal court that in July 2013 he took over a Silk Road moderator's account and participated in the arrest of its suspected operator, Ross Ulbricht. The testimony came on the second day of Ulbricht's criminal trial. He faces seven counts including operating a continuing criminal enterprise and conspiracy to commit narcotics trafficking.Silk Road was an online black market bazaar where users could anonymously buy drugs and other illicit goods using bitcoins. Prosecutors say it operated from 2011 to October 2013, generating $200 million in drug sales.Ulbricht, 30, admits that he created Silk Road, but his lawyer said Tuesday he was the "fall guy" for its true operators at the time of his arrest in October 2013.During the trial Wednesday, Der-Yeghiayan said he became a Silk Road moderator after a support staff member called "cirrus" gave him access to that account. He reported to the website's operator "Dread Pirate Roberts," and earned $1,000 a week in bitcoin, he said. After an IRS agent flagged Ulbricht as the Dread Pirate Roberts' possible alter ego, Der-Yeghiayan said he became part of an operation to try to confirm that and arrest Ulbricht."The plan was to try to get in a position where we'd have the defendant in a public setting or cafe where he was required to use the Internet and initiate a chat with him," he told jurors.Der-Yeghiayan said he monitored if Dread Pirate Roberts was logged on as agents staked out an Internet cafe in San Francisco that Ulbricht was seen entering before. Der-Yeghiayan said Ulbricht eventually came, but after entering the crowded cafe, went into a library.After Der-Yeghiayan initiated a chat, Dread Pirate Roberts asked cirrus, "you did bitcoin exchange before you started working for me, right?"Cirrus responded he had stopped because of "reporting requirements." Dread Pirate Roberts replied, "damn regulators, eh"The message was sent moments before the FBI arrested Ulbricht and grabbed his laptop. Prosecutors say the laptop showed Ulbricht was logged into Silk Road as Dread Pirate Roberts.The case is U.S. v. Ulbricht, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 13-06919. (Reporting by Nate Raymond in New York; Editing by Bernard Orr)
34
SilkRoad Named a Leader in IDC Marketscape: Worldwide Social Technologies in Integrated Talent Management 2015 Vendor Analysis
Wed Apr 22, 2015 9:58am EDT
    SilkRoad Named a Leader in IDC Marketscape: Worldwide Social Technologies in Integrated Talent Management 2015 Vendor Analysis    Earns High Marks for Social in Recruiting, Learning, and Performance CHICAGO, IL--(Marketwired - April 22, 2015) - SilkRoad, a leading global provider of cloud-based talent management solutions, has been named a MarketScape leader in the recently released IDC MarketScape: Worldwide Social Technologies in Integrated Talent Management 2015 Vendor Analysis. SilkRoad was highly rated by customers for social delivery in recruiting, learning, and performance. Click here to tweet this release. Using detailed criteria and based on information gathered from IDC's annual HR Survey, this report measures vendors on key factors contributing to vendor success in the social technology for worldwide integrated talent management market; a market whose importance has been on the rise in recent years."SilkRoad was early to social integration with talent and has perfected its deliverables," writes Lisa Rowan, IDC MarketScape: Worldwide Social Technology for Integrated Talent Management 2015 Vendor Analysis (IDC #255616). SilkRoad offers an integrated set of employee-centered core HR, talent acquisition, and talent development software solutions that are delivered through a friendly talent portal to drive greater engagement, collaboration, and user adoption. The company has pioneered the use of social technology, which has been integrated through the new Talent Portal social platform, serving as a hub for all talent management functions. "It is an honor to be recognized by IDC as a MarketScape Leader," said John Shackleton, President and CEO of SilkRoad. "In order to gain a competitive edge, businesses must have the ability to share information and interact through technology in meaningful ways. We are pleased that SilkRoad customers have given us high marks for their social interaction with The Life Suite." To learn more about the SilkRoad Life Suite of talent management solutions, visit www.silkroad.com. About SilkRoad SilkRoad is a leading global provider of cloud-based, end-to-end talent management solutions that enable customers to find, attract, develop, and retain the best talent. The award-winning SilkRoad Life Suite includes Talent Acquisition, Talent Development, and HRMS solutions that are delivered through a tablet-friendly Talent Portal. The suite is easy to deploy and use -- a single platform to rapidly boost employee engagement and business performance. Visit www.silkroad.com, follow on Twitter @SilkRoadTweets or call 866-329-3363 (U.S. toll free) or +1-312-574-3700. Contact:  Ryan Rivera Ryan.Rivera@silkroad.com 312.300.4420    
35
Accused Silk Road website owner faces November trial
Fri Feb 7, 2014 1:54pm EST
  NEW YORK A Texas man accused of creating an underground online drugs marketplace called Silk Road will face trial in November.U.S. District Judge Katherine Forrest in Manhattan scheduled the trial for November 3 as Ross Ulbricht, 29, pleaded not guilty to a four-count indictment unveiled on Tuesday. The charges include money laundering conspiracy and engaging in a continuing criminal enterprise."I know your client is in custody, so I'm sure you'd like to get this done sooner rather than later," Forrest said to Ulbricht's lawyer on Friday.Ulbricht, who prosecutors say went online by the name "Dread Pirate Roberts", has been incarcerated since his arrest in October. Prosecutors say that Ulbricht owned and operated Silk Road, which they allege sold drugs and criminal services in exchange for the digital currency bitcoin.The bulk of the items for sale on Silk Road were illegal drugs including heroin, cocaine and ecstasy, prosecutors say. The site also carried listings for computer hacking services, forgeries and malicious software, according to authorities. Prosecutors say that Ulbricht, managing a small staff of paid site administrators, reaped tens of millions of dollars in commissions through Silk Road.The indictment charges Ulbricht with one count each of narcotics conspiracy, engaging in a continuing criminal enterprise, conspiracy to commit computer hacking and money laundering conspiracy. U.S. authorities have to date seized 173,991 bitcoins that at current exchange rates are worth more than $130 million, according to CoinDesk, a bitcoin price index publisher.Federal authorities have separately charged three men -Andrew Jones, Gary Davis and Peter Nash - in connection with their alleged roles in assisting Ulbricht in operating Silk Road.The case is U.S. v. Ulbricht, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 13-06919.(Reporting by Nate Raymond in New York; Editing by Stephen Powell)
36
SilkRoad Launches HRMS Resource Center
Thu Apr 2, 2015 10:17am EDT
    SilkRoad Launches HRMS Resource Center    Business Tools and 7 Industry Guides Demonstrate the Impact of HRMS on Talent Management CHICAGO, IL--(Marketwired - April 02, 2015) - SilkRoad, a leading global provider of cloud-based talent management solutions, launched a new online resource center showcasing original research and analyst reports on Human Resource Management Systems to demonstrate how they streamline HR processes and support HR Technologies. This collection of 7 tools and reports helps organizations and HR professionals understand the financial and productivity impacts of HR Management Systems and how they can leverage employee data in business decision-making. The Resource Center features the recently released How HRMS Streamline Talent Strategies, which shares best practices for leveraging employee data systems for maximum impact in talent management. SilkRoad will host a webinar, "Aligning Your HRMS to the Company's Talent Strategy," featuring Sharlyn Lauby, HR Bartender, on April 29 to further explore the topic. Click here for more details and to register for the webinar. "Talent management is always evolving, but one thing that does not change is the need to quickly and accurately manage and report employee data," said Sharlyn Lauby, author of the blog HR Bartender. "Up-to-date and readily available workforce information is critical to making talent decisions and keeping a competitive edge in the marketplace."Click here to tweet this release. The Resource Center includes:How HRMS Streamline Talent Strategies: HR Leaders Share Best Practices for Getting the Most from Employee Data Management SystemsNucleus Research Note: "SilkRoad Announces HRMS Targeted for SMB Market"Brandon Hall Group Knowledge Blast: "Integration of HR Process and Technology for the Mid-market"Calculating the ROI of a Human Resource Management SystemAnd Video Demos and more.Relevant LinksAccess the HRMS Resource Center.Register for the April 29 webinar with Sharlyn Lauby, HR Bartender. About SilkRoadSilkRoad is a leading global provider of cloud-based, end-to-end talent management solutions that enable customers to find, attract, develop, and retain the best talent. The award-winning SilkRoad Life Suite includes Talent Acquisition, Talent Development, and HRMS solutions that are delivered through a tablet-friendly Talent Portal. The suite is easy to deploy and use - a single platform to rapidly boost employee engagement and business performance. Visit www.silkroad.com, follow on Twitter @SilkRoadTweets or call 866-329-3363 (U.S. toll free) or +1-312-574-3700. Contact: Ryan Rivera ryan.rivera@silkroad.com 312.300.4420    
37
U.S. charges three over Silk Road marketplace
Fri Dec 20, 2013 3:48pm EST
  NEW YORK Three men were indicted in the United States on Friday in connection with Silk Road, the Internet black-market bazaar in which illegal drugs like heroin and cocaine can be purchased for the digital currency bitcoin.The indictment, unsealed in New York, charges Andrew Jones, Gary Davis and Peter Nash with conspiracy to engage in narcotics trafficking, computer hacking and money laundering.The charges followed the arrest in October of alleged Silk Road founder Ross Ulbricht, who is known online as "Dread Pirate Roberts.U.S. authorities shut Silk Road down at the time of Ulbricht's arrest, although last month a new marketplace carrying the same name and appearance debuted online.Jones, 24, and Davis, 25, acted as site administrators for Silk Road, while Nash, 40, was the primary moderator for the website's discussion forums, the indictment said.Jones was presented before a court in Richmond, Virginia, on Friday after being arrested the day before, according to the Manhattan U.S. Attorney's Office. Davis was arrested in Ireland and Nash was arrested in Australia, the office said. Lawyers for the defendants could not immediately be located for comment.According to the indictment, the three men were part of Ulbricht's "small support staff" for Silk Road. Salaries for the employees ranged from $50,000 to $75,000 a year, the indictment said.Jones, who also went by "Inigo," worked for Silk Road from October 2012 through the time the original website was shut down, the indictment said. Nash, who was also known by names including "Batman73" and "Anonymousasshit," was a moderator since at least January, while Davis, also called "Libertas," acted as an administrator since at least June, the indictment said.The indictment accuses them of conspiring to violate U.S. narcotics and computer hacking laws. Silk Road, in addition to providing a venue for illegal drug sales, had also enabled the sale of "malicious software" intended for hacking, the indictment said.Ulbricht, 29, was charged in a separate criminal complaint in October. He is being held at a metropolitan detention center in Brooklyn after last month losing a petition to be released on bail. Ulbricht's lawyer, Joshua Dratel, has been discussing a possible plea deal with prosecutors, according to court filings. Ulbricht is also under federal indictment in Baltimore, Maryland, in a case relating to a murder-for-hire plot.On December 6, Assistant U.S. Attorney Serrin Turner asked U.S. Magistrate Judge James Francis for a 30-day extension of the deadline to file an indictment, saying that he and Dratel had spoken in October and November about a possible resolution of the case and planned to continue talking.The judge granted the request, which was not opposed by Ulbricht. Dratel did not respond to a request for comment Friday.The case is U.S. v. Jones, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 13-cr-950.(Reporting by Nate Raymond and Joseph Ax; Editing by Dan Grebler)
38
FDA Grants Premarket Approval for Silk Road Medical's ENROUTE® Transcarotid Stent System
Tue May 19, 2015 8:00am EDT
    FDA Grants Premarket Approval for Silk Road Medical's ENROUTE® Transcarotid Stent System First Carotid Stent Indicated for Transcarotid Use and Optimized for Novel TransCarotid Artery Revascularization (TCAR) Procedure PR Newswire SUNNYVALE, Calif., May 19, 2015   SUNNYVALE, Calif., May 19, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Silk Road Medical, Inc., a pioneer in the development of transcarotid therapies for intra and extracranial vascular diseases, announces the company has received Premarket Approval (PMA) from the United States Food & Drug Administration (FDA) for the ENROUTE Transcarotid Stent System. The ENROUTE Transcarotid Stent is the first carotid stent that is introduced and implanted into the carotid artery through a direct common carotid access point to enable a safe and more direct approach to carotid artery stenting. The ENROUTE Transcarotid Stent is indicated for use in High Surgical Risk patients and is intended to be used in conjunction with Silk Road Medical's ENROUTE Transcarotid Neuroprotection System (NPS), which recently received 510(k) clearance by the FDA. Together the ENROUTE Transcarotid NPS and Stent System enables a novel hybrid procedure called TransCarotid Artery Revascularization (TCAR), which combines surgical principles of neuroprotection with a less invasive stenting procedure. The ENROUTE Transcarotid NPS is a first in class system used to directly access the common carotid artery and initiate high rate temporary blood flow reversal to protect the brain from stroke while delivering and implanting the ENROUTE Transcarotid Stent. The ENROUTE Transcarotid Stent was developed pursuant to a license with Cordis Corporation and leverages the micromesh design and long term durability of the Cordis PRECISE® Carotid Stent that was clinically proven in tens of thousands of patients across multiple clinical trials including SAPPHIRE, CASES-PMS and SAPPHIRE Worldwide. The ENROUTE Transcarotid Stent has a shorter delivery system optimized for transcarotid access and was recently trialed by leading European physicians.  "TCAR allows us to avoid potential stroke hazards at the aortic arch while placing a stent under robust flow reversal which simulates the superb neuroprotection of CEA," commented Prof. Dr. med. Ralf Kolvenbach, Chief of Vascular Surgery at Augusta Hospital, Dusseldorf Catholic Hospital Group. "With the ENROUTE Transcarotid Stent we now have a dedicated, ergonomic stent platform for TCAR that combines the control afforded by transcarotid access with the stent's visibility under x-ray, allowing for confident, precise stent placement." The U.S. FDA PMA was based in part on data collected from a subset (52) of 141 High Surgical Risk patients in the ROADSTER study who were treated with the Cordis PRECISE PRO RX® Stent System and the ENROUTE Transcarotid NPS. Technical success was 100% (52/52) and the Major Adverse Event (MAE) rate at 30 days was 1.9% consisting of a single minor stroke, comparable to the overall ROADSTER results of 3.5% MAE and 1.4% stroke."TCAR was led and inspired by vascular specialists looking for ways to treat their patients with safer and more effective methods. The ENROUTE Transcarotid NPS and Stent System is an innovation that will push forward the field of carotid revascularization. Severe carotid artery stenosis is one of the last frontiers in vascular disease that is still treated primarily by an open surgical approach and we look forward to bringing our less invasive, surgically-inspired ENROUTE Transcarotid System to market for vascular specialists and their patients," said Lucas Buchanan, Executive Vice President of Corporate Development and Commercialization. About Silk Road MedicalSilk Road Medical, Inc. is a private company located in Sunnyvale, CA, that develops and manufactures less-invasive medical devices intended to improve the treatment of intra and extracranial cerebrovascular disease through proprietary transcarotid therapies. Detailed information about Silk Road Medical can be found at www.silkroadmed.com.Silk Road and ENROUTE are registered trademarks of Silk Road Medical, Inc. CORDIS®, PRECISE®, and PRECISE PRO RX® are all registered trademarks of Cordis Corporation. Third party trademarks used herein are trademarks of their respective owners.  Caution: Federal (USA) law restricts this device to sale by or on the order of a physician. Please refer to package insert for indications, contraindications, warnings, precautions, and instructions for use.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/fda-grants-premarket-approval-for-silk-road-medicals-enroute-transcarotid-stent-system-300085248.htmlSOURCE  Silk Road Medical, Inc. 
39
Silk Road Medical Announces First U.S. Commercial Procedure with the ENROUTE® Transcarotid Neuroprotection System
Fri Apr 17, 2015 8:00am EDT
    Silk Road Medical Announces First U.S. Commercial Procedure with the ENROUTE® Transcarotid Neuroprotection System Novel TCAR procedure reduces the risk of stroke and provides a more efficient and less invasive procedure for patients undergoing carotid artery revascularization. PR Newswire SUNNYVALE, Calif., April 17, 2015   SUNNYVALE, Calif., April 17, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Silk Road Medical, Inc. announced the first U.S. commercial procedure using the ENROUTE Transcarotid Neuroprotection System (NPS) was successfully performed at Mills-Peninsula Medical Center in Burlingame, CA by Vascular Surgeon John E. Rosenman, M.D., F.A.C.S.TCAR, or TransCarotid Artery Revascularization, uses direct carotid artery access and robust, temporary flow reversal to protect the brain from particles that can dislodge during the carotid artery repair procedure. The ENROUTE Transcarotid NPS recently received 510(k) clearance by the Food & Drug Administration (FDA)."The TCAR procedure using the ENROUTE Transcarotid NPS allows me to perform a minimally invasive stent procedure expeditiously with less risk of nerve injury and less trauma to the patient than traditional open surgery." said Dr. Rosenman. "We are excited to be one of the first hospitals in the nation to offer this procedure to our patients with carotid artery disease. We are confident in the effectiveness of flow reversal for stroke prevention during stent placement. The transcarotid approach is a less invasive, more patient friendly option compared to traditional open surgery."  The FDA cleared the ENROUTE Transcarotid NPS based on the outcomes of the ROADSTER trial, which achieved a 30 day stroke rate of 1.4% in the pivotal cohort, a rate comparable to the gold standard of a surgical carotid endarterectomy (CEA) and the lowest to date for any prospective trial of carotid artery stenting. There were no major strokes and there were no strokes in important high risk subgroups, including the elderly (age ≥75), women, and symptomatic patients. "The surgical treatment of carotid artery disease to reduce the long term risk of stroke is well established, but many patients have risk factors that can lead to complications as a consequence of the procedure itself, including stroke, death, and cranial nerve injuries," said Sumaira Macdonald, M.D., Ph.D., Chief Medical Officer. "TCAR represents a procedural paradigm shift that brings together key principles of surgical and endovascular techniques to reduce these risks and is a welcome, clinically proven option for physicians and their patients."  Silk Road Medical will ramp up commercial operations throughout 2015 to broaden U.S. distribution of the ENROUTE Transcarotid NPS to vascular specialists. The ENROUTE Transcarotid NPS has been available internationally since 2012 and more than 500 patients have been treated with the device in the U.S. and Europe. The company also has a pending Premarket Approval (PMA) application for the ENROUTE Transcarotid Stent System – an optimized stent delivery system designed for use with the ENROUTE Transcarotid NPS.   About Silk Road MedicalSilk Road Medical, Inc. is a private company located in Sunnyvale, CA, that develops and manufactures less-invasive medical devices intended to improve the treatment of intra- and extra-cranial cerebrovascular disease through proprietary transcarotid therapies.  Detailed information about Silk Road Medical can be found at www.silkroadmed.com.  To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/silk-road-medical-announces-first-us-commercial-procedure-with-the-enroute-transcarotid-neuroprotection-system-300067675.htmlSOURCE  Silk Road Medical, Inc. 
40
U.S. auctions some 30,000 bitcoins from Silk Road raid
Fri Jun 27, 2014 8:06pm EDT
  NEW YORK The U.S. Marshals Service on Friday auctioned off about 30,000 bitcoins seized during a raid on Silk Road, an Internet black-market bazaar where authorities say illegal drugs and other goods could be bought.An online auction took place over a 12-hour period on Friday for the bitcoins, valued at nearly $17.7 million. It consisted of nine blocks of 3,000 bitcoins and one block of 2,657 bitcoins. The Marshals Service has said it would notify the winning bidders on Monday.A spokeswoman for the Marshals Service declined to say how many bids the office received. Among those who said they registered to participate in the auctions were SecondMarket and Bitcoin Shop Inc. (BTCS.PK)Silk Road was shutdown after an FBI raid in September 2013 as agents took control of its server and arrested a Texas man, Ross Ulbricht, that the authorities said owned and operated the website. The auction was for 29,655 bitcoins contained in files residing on its servers, which were forfeited in January.Chris DeMuth, a partner at Rangeley Capital who had been considering bidding, said last week the chance the Marshals Service gets the market price for the bitcoins is low."Anyone could pay market prices on existing exchanges," he said. "So the key question is how much of a discount do bidders want." The Marshals are holding about 144,342 additional bitcoins found on computer hardware belonging to Ulbricht that were subject to a civil forfeiture proceeding.Ulbricht, 30, is scheduled to face trial Nov. 3. He has pleaded not guilty to the four counts against him, including money laundering conspiracy and engaging in a continuing criminal enterprise. U.S. authorities have separately charged three men - Andrew Jones, Gary Davis and Peter Nash - in connection with their alleged roles in assisting Ulbricht in operating Silk Road.Bitcoin prices were up 3.1 percent Friday at $597.41 per coin, according to the digital currency exchange CoinDesk. (Reporting by Nate Raymond in New York; Editing by Noeleen Walder and Andre Grenon)
41
Australian extradited to U.S. in Silk Road online drugs bazaar case
Thu Nov 27, 2014 2:36am EST
  SYDNEY Australia has extradited a man to the United States to face trial for alleged involvement in Silk Road, a website where people bought illegal drugs like heroin using digital currency bitcoin, a government official said on Thursday.Peter Phillip Nash, 41, from Queensland, and two other men were charged with conspiracy to engage in narcotics trafficking, computer hacking and money laundering in relation to the website in December."I confirm that Peter Nash was surrendered to the United States pursuant to a request for his extradition," a spokeswoman for the Attorney General's Department told Reuters, without specifying when Nash left or when he would face trial. "The United States sought Mr Nash's extradition for prosecution for conspiracy to traffic narcotics, conspiracy to commit computer hacking and conspiracy to commit money laundering."The two other accused, aged 24 and 25, were arrested in the United States and Ireland and were administrators for the website, while Nash was a primary moderator, the U.S. indictment, made public in December, said. The charges followed the arrest in October 2013 of alleged Silk Road founder Ross Ulbricht, who is known online as "Dread Pirate Roberts and who faces trial in January. The U.S. indictment said Nash and the two younger men were part of Ulbricht's "small support staff" for Silk Road with salaries ranging from $50,000 to $75,000 a year. (Editing by Nick Macfie)
42
Bitcoin sinks in value after FBI busts Silk Road drug market
Tue Oct 8, 2013 9:39am EDT
  SAN FRANCISCO The price of the bitcoin digital currency dropped on Wednesday, after U.S. law enforcement authorities shut down Silk Road, an online marketplace used to buy and sell illegal drugs.The bitcoin, valued by many for its anonymity, fell to $129 from over $140 a day before, according to a website for trading bitcoins, Mt.Gox. Earlier, the currency traded as low as $110.Supporters say using bitcoins offers benefits including lower fraud risk and increased privacy, though critics argue the anonymity it offers makes the currency a magnet for drug transactions, money-laundering and other illegal activities.The digital currency's drop came after the FBI arrested alleged Silk Road owner Ross William Ulbricht, 29, known as "Dread Pirate Roberts," on Tuesday in San Francisco. Silk Road allowed tech-savvy sellers to post ads for drugs and other illegal products, which they sold for bitcoins and shipped to customers through the mail, according to the federal criminal charges filed against Ulbricht.As well as Silk Road shoppers, drug traffickers who worried about the FBI tracking them down with data confiscated from Ulbricht may account for some of Wednesday's bitcoin selloff, said Garth Bruen, a security expert at Internet consumer group Digital Citizens Alliance. "They're going to be pouring all over his records, getting subpoenas for every piece of data and account he has ever used and trying to figure out who all these different dealers are," said Bruen. "People are jumping ship."While bitcoins, which are not backed by a government or central bank, have begun to gain a footing among some businesses and consumers, they have yet to become an accepted form of payment on the websites of major retailers such as Amazon.com. The charges against Ulbricht said that Silk Road generated sales of more than 9.5 million bitcoins, roughly equivalent to $1.2 billion. There are currently about 11.8 million bitcoins in circulation.With Ulbricht's arrest, authorities said they seized $3.6 million worth of bitcoins.(Reporting by Noel Randewich; Editing by Leslie Adler)
43
Jury selection starts in New York trial of alleged Silk Road creator
Tue Jan 13, 2015 10:58am EST
  NEW YORK Jury selection began on Tuesday in the trial of the suspected operator of Silk Road, an online black market bazaar where users could anonymously by drugs and other illicit goods using bitcoin.The trial in Manhattan federal court of Ross Ulbricht, 30, marks the highest-profile test yet of U.S. authorities' efforts to crackdown on the use of the digital currency bitcoin for drug trafficking and other crimes.Ulbricht faces seven counts including operating a continuing criminal enterprise and conspiracy to commit narcotics trafficking. He faces up to life in prison in a case his supporters call an attack on Internet freedom.Outside the courthouse earlier on Tuesday, a small group of protesters held up signs, including ones saying "30 years to life for an honest website?" and "Web hosting is not a crime!"Silk Road operated from at least January 2011 to October 2013, authorities say, generating sales of $1.2 billion and commissions of $80 million by the time the FBI seized it and arrested Ulbricht. Prosecutors say Ulbricht ran it as the "Dread Pirate Roberts," an alias borrowed from a character in the 1987 movie "The Princess Bride." The website relied on the so-called Tor network, which lets users communicate anonymously.Authorities say Ulbricht took extreme steps to protect Silk Road, soliciting the murder-for-hire of six people who posed a threat. No evidence exists the murders were carried out. Ulbricht, who has been in custody since his arrest in October 2013, has pleaded not guilty and has never conceded creating Silk Road.Twelve jurors and four alternates will be selected from a pool that U.S. District Judge Katherine Forrest said on Tuesday would include around 90 people.Ahead of Tuesday's proceedings, 92 potential jurors were dismissed based on their responses to a written questionnaire. Questions included what were potential jurors' computer habits and whether they had heard of Ulbricht, Silk Road, bitcoin or the Dread Pirate Roberts, other than in "The Princess Bride."The case is U.S. v. Ulbricht, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 13-06919. (Reporting by Nate Raymond in New York; Editing by Tom Brown)
44
U.S. brings new charges against accused Silk Road creator
Fri Aug 22, 2014 5:39pm EDT
  NEW YORK U.S. prosecutors have brought a trio of new charges against a Texas man accused of creating the underground online drug marketplace Silk Road.A new indictment against Ross Ulbricht, 30, filed late on Thursday in Manhattan federal court, added charges of narcotics trafficking, distribution of narcotics by means of the Internet, and conspiracy to traffic in fraudulent identification documents. The new charges came on top of four other counts previously asserted by prosecutors: narcotics trafficking conspiracy, continuing criminal enterprise, computer hacking conspiracy and money laundering conspiracy.Ulbricht, who prosecutors said was known online as "Dread Pirate Roberts," lost his bid to dismiss the earlier charges in July. He faces trial on Nov. 3. Prosecutors say Ulbricht owned and operated Silk Road, which they allege served as a black-market bazaar where drugs and criminal services like computer hacking and forgeries could be bought in exchange for the digital currency bitcoin.The superseding indictment filed on Thursday accused Ulbricht of personally distributing and aiding in the distribution of substances containing heroin, cocaine, LSD and methamphetamine.It also accused Ulbricht of engaging in a conspiracy to sell fake ID documents, such as drivers' licenses and passports, on Silk Road. Federal authorities shut down Silk Road last year, though a new Internet marketplace under the same name debuted in November.Joshua Dratel, Ulbricht's lawyer, said in a statement the new charges demonstrated the government's attempt to convert a single alleged course of conduct into a set of multiple, interchangeable charges. The prosecution's goal, he said, was "to improve its chances of having a jury, overwhelmed by the sheer number of charges, agree with the government on at least one."The case is U.S. v. Ulbricht, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 14-cr-00068. (Editing by Tom Brown and Matthew Lewis)
45
Accused Silk Road creator loses bid to dismiss U.S. indictment
Wed Jul 9, 2014 3:34pm EDT
  NEW YORK The man accused of creating Silk Road, which U.S. authorities said was an online drug marketplace, lost his bid on Wednesday to dismiss a federal indictment accusing him of conspiring to deal illegal narcotics and launder money.Ross Ulbricht, who prosecutors said was known online as "Dread Pirate Roberts," had claimed he did not conspire with Silk Road users who might have broken the law by completing transactions on the now-defunct website, using the digital currency bitcoin. He also claimed he was not involved in money laundering because bitcoins are not money.In a 51-page decision, U.S. District Judge Katherine Forrest in Manhattan said, "the design and operation" of Silk Road and Ulbricht's role as an "intermediary" between website users justified letting prosecutors pursue their case."The allegations amount to Ulbricht acting as a sort of 'godfather' - determining the territory, the actions which may be undertaken, and the commissions he will retain; disciplining others to stay in line, and generally casting himself as a leader," Forrest wrote. "Whether the government can prove the facts alleged is not a question at this stage."Forrest also said the federal money laundering statute encompasses bitcoins, noting that the virtual currency's value can be expressed in dollars. "Any other reading would - in light of Bitcoin's' sole raison d'etre - be nonsensical," she said. "One can money launder using Bitcoin."Ulbricht, 29, faces four conspiracy counts, including engaging in a continuing criminal enterprise, narcotics trafficking, computer hacking and money laundering. The criminal enterprise count carries a maximum sentence of life in prison. A trial is scheduled for Nov. 3, court records showed. Ulbricht is in federal custody, following his arrest on Oct. 1 at a public library in San Francisco. Authorities shut down Silk Road shortly before the arrest.Joshua Dratel, a lawyer for Ulbricht, declined to comment, saying he had not yet reviewed the decision.In seeking to dismiss the indictment, Ulbricht said the government portrayed him as being, at most, a "steerer" or "facilitator" of alleged illegal conduct, not a co-conspirator. But the judge said the indictment went further, alleging that Silk Road was "specifically and intentionally designed" to create an "expansive black market" for drugs and malicious software and laundering money.She said the allegations, if true, would distinguish Silk Road from websites such as Amazon.com Inc and eBay Inc, which are intended for buyers and sellers to complete transactions lawfully.Individuals accessed Silk Road with an encryption program that allowed anonymous communications. On June 27, the U.S. Marshals Service auctioned 29,655 bitcoins, then valued at $17.7 million, seized from Silk Road.Bitcoins are transacted independent of central control, and not backed by any government or central bank.The case is U.S. v. Ulbricht, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 14-cr-00068. (Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New York; Editing by Jeffrey Benkoe)
46
Britain arrests four users of Silk Road online marketplace
Tue Oct 8, 2013 10:27am EDT
  LONDON British police have arrested four men suspected of being significant users of Silk Road, the anonymous Internet marketplace used to buy illegal drugs and criminal services that was shut down by U.S. authorities last week.The new National Crime Agency (NCA) said on Tuesday the four suspected drug offenders were detained hours after the Federal Bureau of Investigation arrested Ross Ulbricht, the suspected creator of Silk Road also known as "Dread Pirate Roberts".The NCA, which became operational on Monday, warned there would be more arrests related to Silk Road in coming weeks.It said it would spearhead a campaign against virtual currencies that pose a potential criminal threat to Britain, such as bitcoins.These were used by Silk Road customers to buy and sell illegal goods and services, according to the FBI, which seized $3.6 million worth of the currency in its raid on Silk Road."This is only the start of a wider campaign for the NCA to tackle the 'dark' or 'deep' web and the criminals exploiting it," Andy Archibald, head of the agency's National Cyber Crime Unit, said in a statement. He was referring to areas of the Internet such as Silk Road that are not readily accessible via standard search engines."These criminal areas of the Internet aren't just selling drugs; it's where fraud takes place, where the trafficking of people and goods is discussed, where child abuse images are exchanged and firearms are traded," said Archibald. The NCA said it had worked closely with U.S. law enforcers to identify the four suspects who were arrested last week.One is a man in his early 50s from Devon in southwest England, while the other three are in their early 20s and are from Manchester in northwest England.Keith Bristow, director general of the NCA, said it was impossible for criminals to completely erase their digital footprints no matter how technology-savvy they were. "The hidden Internet isn't hidden and your anonymous activity isn't anonymous. We know where you are, what you are doing and we will catch you," he said in the NCA statement.Bristow said hidden or anonymous online environments were a key priority for the NCA, which had 4,000 officers and the latest technology at its disposal to tackle the problem.The NCA, intended as a one-stop-shop agency responsible for the fight against serious and organized crime in Britain, has been likened to the FBI. Its creation was announced in 2011 and it was launched on Monday.(Reporting by Estelle Shirbon; editing by Tom Pfeiffer)
47
Workday competitor SilkRoad selects banks for IPO -sources
Mon Feb 25, 2013 7:25am EST
  Feb 25 Human resources software company SilkRoad has selected JPMorgan Chase & Co and Piper Jaffray Cos  to lead an initial public offering later this year, according to two sources with knowledge of the matter.The Chicago-based company is hoping to piggy-back on the IPO of peer Workday Inc, which raised $637 million in October. Shares of Workday, which priced its offering at $28 per share, have nearly doubled since then to close Friday at $55.25.JPMorgan declined to comment. SilkRoad and Piper Jaffray could not be reached for comment. SilkRoad, which also competes with Oracle Corp and SAP AG, hopes to be the latest in a slew of IPOs from cloud-based companies, which let customers access their data and computing power from remote servers.Last year, IPOs from cloud-based companies besides Workday included ServiceNow Inc, Demandware Inc and Guidewire Software Inc. The market for business software is expected to reach $300 billion globally by the end of 2013, according to market research firm Gartner.Founded by serial entrepreneur Flip Filipowski in 2003, the company's investors include Azure Capital Partners, Tenaya Capital and Foundation Capital. The company, which is expected to hit a run rate of roughly $70 million this year according to the sources, helps companies manage employees and other resources.The U.S. market for technology IPOs so far this year has lagged. Only one company, online money transfer provider Xoom Corp, has listed in 2013.
48
Kazakhs launch 'Silk Road' China-Europe rail route
Mon Jun 10, 2013 7:54am EDT
  ASTANA Kazakhstan has launched a new transit railway linking China to Europe, aiming to beat rival routes for journey time in the competition to handle a growing flow of goods along the ancient Silk Road trade route."Kazakhstan is a virtual bridge linking the East and the West," Yerkin Meirbekov, deputy railway department chief at Kazakhstan's Transport Ministry, said in an interview. "You can actually say this is the revival of the Silk Road."Centuries ago, it would take months for caravans of camels and horses from China to reach Europe across the sun-scorched steppes and deserts of Central Asia to exchange silk for medicines, perfumes and precious stones.Now it takes just 15 days for trains carrying containers with electronic goods, construction materials and other cargo to cover the 10,800 km (6,750 miles) route from Chongqing in southwest China to Duisburg in Germany's industrial Ruhr region.Late last year, Kazakhstan completed construction of a 293-km (183-mile) stretch from Zhetygen to Korgas at the Chinese border, looping it in to the existing national railway network and opening the second China-Europe link across its territory.Meirbekov said that the annual volume of freight turnover along the new route, guaranteed by China, was set to total 2 million metric tons (2.2 million tons) this year and would rise eventually to 15 million metric tons."The Chinese side, as well as the Kazakh side and European partners - everyone is ready (to handle these volumes) already tomorrow," Meirbekov said. "All railways, as well as customs and border guards, are ready to assist fast passage of cargo across their territories."Europe-bound trains from China cross from Kazakhstan into Russia. Then they go via Belarus and Poland before reaching Duisburg in Germany.LUCRATIVE BUSINESSTransit routes are a major earner for Kazakhstan's fast-growing economy, already established as a route for pipelines to pump Central Asian oil and gas to China, reducing the region's dependency on former colonial master Russia. "In railways, transit cargo is considered to be net profit, because there are no costs involved - you take in cargo at one border and hand it over at the other. This is a tasty morsel, and all nations are vying for transits," Meirbekov said.Kazakhstan, the world's ninth-largest nation by area which is populated by just 17 million, inherited another railway route to China from the Soviet Union.This railway, with the Dostyk-Alashankou crossing at China's border, handled a record 16.5 million metric tons of cargo to and from China in 2012, Meirbekov said, predicting that it would reach it maximum annual capacity of 25 million metric tons soon. "If you look at China's prospects, large-scale and intensive development of western China is under way, and output produced there should be exported elsewhere," he said. "This is why the second (transit) route was built.""Sending goods by sea is very cheap - of course, if the client agrees to wait for 45 days," he said. "But markets are fickle, and you have to move fast."Goods to be delivered to Europe from China via Russia's Trans-Siberian railway would cover 12,000 km and transit time would take between 18 and 20 days, the Kazakh government says, touting its own route.Oil-rich Kazakhstan, Central Asia's largest economy, forecasts its gross domestic product to expand by 6 percent this year after a 5-percent rise in 2012.Kazakh state railway company Kazakhstan Temir Zholy (KTZ) has estimated that cargo transit via its network would reach 35 million metric tons by 2020 and eventually rise to 50 million metric tons.KTZ handles 90-95 percent of all Kazakh transit cargo.(Writing by Dmitry Solovyov; Editing by Douglas Busvine and William Hardy)
49
Jury begins deliberating in trial of suspected Silk Road mastermind
Wed Feb 4, 2015 12:14pm EST
  NEW YORK Jury deliberations began on Wednesday in the trial of the  suspected mastermind behind the underground website Silk Road, who prosecutors say orchestrated a scheme that enabled around $200 million of anonymous online drug sales using bitcoins.A federal judge in Manhattan dispatched the six men and six women on the jury to consider the fate of Ross Ulbricht, 30, who faces seven counts including narcotics trafficking.Ulbricht, who prosecutors say operated the website under the alias Dread Pirate Roberts, faces up to life in prison if convicted. Silk Road operated from at least January 2011 to October 2013, when authorities seized the website and arrested Ulbricht at a public library in San Francisco.By the time it was shut down, Silk Road had generated nearly $213.9 million in sales and $13.2 million in commissions, prosecutors said. Ulbricht conceded that he created Silk Road, with his lawyer, Joshua Dratel, saying he intended it as a "freewheeling, free market site" where anything except a few harmful items could be sold.But Dratel said Ulbricht's "economic experiment" eventually became too stressful for him, so he handed it off to others. He was lured back toward its end, he said, becoming the "fall guy" for its true operators. The case is U.S. v. Ulbricht, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 13-06919. (Reporting by Nate Raymond in New York; Editing by Tom Brown)
50
U.S. sharply reduces Silk Road's estimated sales volume
Fri Jan 16, 2015 12:28pm EST
  NEW YORK Jan 16 When U.S. authorities announced the arrest of Silk Road creator Ross Ulbricht in October 2013, they made a startling claim: the online black market had seen an estimated $1.2 billion in illicit sales since its inception.This week, however, as Ulbricht's criminal trial began, prosecutors significantly scaled back that figure, saying Silk Road had actually seen an estimated $200 million in drug sales, which comprised 95 percent of all sales on the website.The revision could be good news for Ulbricht, who has admitted creating the site, where users could buy drugs and other illegal goods using the digital currency Bitcoin, according to former federal prosecutor Jeffrey Alberts.Since advisory federal sentencing guidelines for drug trafficking take into account the size of the scheme, the reduced sales figure would put Ulbricht's offenses into a different category under the guidelines, said Alberts, who is now a partner at law firm Pryor Cashman and is not involved in the case. Ulbricht, 30, is facing a seven-count indictment for offenses including money laundering, computer hacking and conspiracy to commit drug trafficking. He could face life in prison if convicted on all counts.But taken on its own, a conviction on the drug trafficking conspiracy count would elicit a recommendation of 30 years in prison for an operation larger than $400 million, as prosecutors originally estimated. That would fall to 28 years for a scheme netting between $400 million and $200 million, and 26 years for one just under $200 million.Ulbricht's lawyer declined to comment. The change in Silk Road's estimated sales volume is not, however, entirely due to fluctuations in the value of bitcoins, which have actually increased in price since prosecutors filed the criminal complaint against Ulbricht on Oct. 2, 2013. Back then, one bitcoin was worth $125 but they are trading at around $205 today.While formulating the complaint against Ulbricht, prosecutors arrived at the $1.2 billion figure by looking at the total value of bitcoins obtained through sales on the site, according to the complaint. But after combing through Silk Road's files, they recalculated the total by adding up the value of individual drug sales according to the price of bitcoins at the time of each transaction, arriving at $200 million, according to the U.S. Attorney's Office.Adjustments like this one are common, Alberts said. The more precisely prosecutors can calculate the size of an illegal operation, the less likely defense lawyers are to contest the estimate during a sentencing hearing.Another advantage to the revision: it is a number that will not change even if bitcoin prices do.The case is U.S. v. Ulbricht, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 13-06919.   (Reporting by Emily Flitter; editing by Noeleen Walder and G Crosse)
51
U.S. bitcoin exchanger who sold on Silk Road gets four years in prison
Tue Jan 20, 2015 7:02pm EST
  NEW YORK Jan 20 A Florida plumber who operated an underground bitcoin exchange selling the digital currency to users of the black market website Silk Road was sentenced to four years in prison on Tuesday.Robert Faiella, 55, was sentenced by U.S. District Judge Jed Rakoff in Manhattan after pleading guilty to operating an unlicensed money transmitting business.His sentence came a year after prosecutors unveiled charges against Faiella and his co-defendant, prominent bitcoin evangelist Charlie Shrem.His sentencing came as trial continued for Ross Ulbricht, the alleged operator of Silk Road, a website where drugs and other illicit goods could be bought secretly with bitcoin.Rakoff in December sentenced Shrem, the former vice chairman at the trade group Bitcoin Foundation, to two years in prison for aiding and abetting an unlicensed money transmitting business. But Rakoff said Faiella, who must with Shrem also forfeit $950,000, deserved a harsher sentence, citing in part a prior conviction for a tax offense."He knew from his own criminal history the nature of the risk he was taking, and he knowingly assumed that risk," Rakoff said.Prosecutors say from December 2011 to October 2013, Faiella sold bitcoin for cash to users of Silk Road, a website that by the time authorities closed it had $200 million in drug sales. Operating under the name BTCKing, Faiella would fill user orders for bitcoins through Shrem's exchange, BitInstant, ultimately trading in over $1 million in cash, prosecutors said.Lawyers for Faiella, a licensed plumber, said his crimes were motivated by a desperate financial situation amid job and medical problems."At the time of the offense, I saw no other way," Faiella said in court Tuesday. "That still doesn't change that I broke the law." Ulbricht, 30, faces seven counts including narcotics trafficking conspiracy. Joshua Dratel, his lawyer, has acknowledged he created the website but says his client became the "fall guy" for its true operators.He has also pointed to other people authorities investigated as being behind Silk Road, including Mark Karpeles, the former chief of the defunct bitcoin exchange Mt. Gox.Karpeles denies involvement with Silk Road. A federal judge on Tuesday struck some but not all of a U.S. Department of Homeland Security agent's testimony from Thursday about the Karpeles investigation.The agent, Jared Der-Yeghiayan, testified again Tuesday and will resume Wednesday.The case is U.S. v. Faiella, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 14-cr-00243.   (Reporting by Nate Raymond in New York; Editing by Cynthia Osterman)
52
China to urge firms to sell bonds overseas to fund new Silk Road to Europe: Xinhua
Sat Mar 28, 2015 3:56am EDT
  China will encourage local companies to issue bonds overseas to fund projects to create a modern Silk Road, a plan to boost connectivity across Asia for which it has created a $40 billion fund, according to a framework agreement released on Saturday by the official Xinhua news agency.The so-called "One belt, One road" initiative to link Asia to Europe and Africa is the latest step by China to extend its global influence, even as it works to sign up more countries to its Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank (AIIB).Speaking at an official launching ceremony in the southern city of Boao on Saturday, the country's top diplomat Yang Jiechi said the scheme was a "win win" for China and its neighbors in Asia and further afield and called for more countries to join.       The official name of the plan refers to Beijing's vision of creating a modern Silk Road Economic Belt and a 21st Century Maritime Silk Road to boost trade and strengthen global economic ties. Projects would include a network of railways, highways and other infrastructure, as well as oil and gas pipelines, power grids and Internet networks.Bonds issued to finance the projects may be denominated in yuan or other currencies. China will also support private investment in key projects, according to the framework, but it did not clarify whether foreign companies would be allowed to invest.  Sectors expected to benefit from the plan include the resource industry, as the route will allow for greater mineral exploration, and agriculture.  (Reporting By Engen Tham; Editing by Kim Coghill)
53
U.S. probed Mt. Gox CEO as possible Silk Road mastermind -agent
Thu Jan 15, 2015 7:24pm EST
     
54
UPDATE 2-Accused Silk Road owner 'fall guy' for operators - trial lawyer
Tue Jan 13, 2015 6:04pm EST
  (New throughout following opening statements)By Nate RaymondNEW YORK Jan 13 (Reuters) - A lawyer for the man accused of running the online black marketplace Silk Road acknowledged on Tuesday that his client had created the site, but said he was the "fall guy" for its true operators.The assertion by Joshua Dratel, a lawyer for Ross Ulbricht, came at the start of a trial in Manhattan federal court. It marked the first time Ulbricht's lawyers had conceded their client played a role in Silk Road, where drugs and other illicit goods could be bought anonymously with bitcoins.Dratel told jurors that Ulbricht created Silk Road as a "free wheeling, free market website" but said the "economic experiment" ultimately proved too stressful for him."So he handed it off to others," Dratel told jurors during opening statements.But Dratel said Ulbricht was not the real "Dread Pirate Roberts," the online alias for Silk Road's operator, and said the people behind Silk Road had brought him back only after realizing law enforcement was closing in on them."Ross was the perfect fall guy as Silk Road, after all, was his idea," Dratel said. Timothy Howard, a federal prosecutor, however, told the jury that authorities had a "mountain" of evidence on Ulbricht's laptop proving he was the Dread Pirate Roberts."He was the kingpin of this digital criminal enterprise," Howard said.The trial is the highest-profile test yet of U.S. authorities' efforts to crackdown on the use of the digital currency bitcoin for drug trafficking and other crimes. Silk Road operated from at least 2011 to October 2013, a period in which Howard said drug dealers earned $200 million through 1 million sales and Ulbricht amassed an $18 million bitcoin fortune through commissions.Prosecutors say Ulbricht ran Silk Road under the alias borrowed from a character in the 1987 movie "The Princess Bride." The website relied on the so-called Tor network, which lets users communicate anonymously.Ulbricht is charged with seven counts including operating a continuing criminal enterprise and conspiracy to commit narcotics trafficking and faces life in prison.His has garnered supporters, who say the case is an attack on Internet freedom. Some gathered outside the court holding signs that read "Free Ross" and "30 years to life for an honest website?" According to prosecutors, Ulbricht was logged into the Silk Road website as Dread Pirate Roberts when he was arrested in a San Francisco library. His laptop also displayed an online chat with an Silk Road employee who was actually a federal agent, Howard said."The defendant was caught red handed," he said.Howard said 95 percent of the items for sale on Silk Road  were drugs, though it also carried listings for fake passports and hacking services.Ulbricht was vigilant in protecting Silk Road, going so far as to solicit the murders of people who threatened it, Howard said.While the murders were never carried out, Howard said Ulbricht "was willing to stop at nothing to protect his criminal enterprise."The case is U.S. v. Ulbricht, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 13-06919.   (Reporting by Nate Raymond in New York; Editing by Tom Brown and Noeleen Walder)
55
U.S. judge rejects accused Silk Road creator's bid to suppress evidence
Fri Oct 10, 2014 6:05pm EDT
  NEW YORK Oct 10 A Texas man accused of creating an underground online drug marketplace called Silk Road lost a bid on Friday to suppress virtually all the evidence in his case ahead of his trial next month in New York.Lawyers for Ross Ulbricht, 30, argued that search warrants executed in the investigation were improper. The warrants stemmed from an earlier search of an Icelandic server that was "shrouded in mystery," defense lawyers said, questioning whether it was constitutional.But U.S. District Judge Katherine Forrest in Manhattan said Ulbricht had failed to submit any evidence to show he had a privacy interest in the server."Without this, he is in no different position than any third party would be vis-a-vis those items, and vis-a-vis the investigation that led U.S. law enforcement officers to Iceland in the first place," Forrest wrote. Prosecutors say Ulbricht owned and operated Silk Road, which they allege served as a black-market bazaar where drugs and criminal services such as computer hacking and forgeries could be acquired in exchange for the digital currency bitcoin.Forrest acknowledged that requiring Ulbricht to concede he had an interest in the Icelandic server "could be perceived as unfair" since prosecutors are trying to prove he created and operated Silk Road."But as Ulbricht surely knows, this is not the first court, nor is he the first defendant, to raise such an issue," she said. The judge said that, as a result, the only arguments she had to consider related to searches of his Gmail and Facebook accounts and his laptop, all of which she concluded were legal.A lawyer for Ulbricht did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Ulbricht, who prosecutors said was known online as "Dread Pirate Roberts," faces trial on Nov. 3.He has pleaded not guilty to a seven-count indictment that includes various conspiracy, narcotics trafficking, and continuing criminal enterprise charges.Federal authorities shut down Silk Road last year, although a new Internet marketplace debuted under the same name in November.The case is U.S. v. Ulbricht, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 13-06919.   (Reporting by Nate Raymond in New York; editing by Gunna Dickson)
56
UPDATE 1-China's $40 bln Silk Road fund starts work along PE lines - c.bank
Sun Feb 15, 2015 11:53pm EST
  (Adds c.bank statement, paragraphs 3 and 4)SHANGHAI Feb 16 (Reuters) - China's $40 billion Silk Road infrastructure fund has started work along the lines of a long-term private equity (PE) venture to boost businesses in countries and regions along the road, China's central bank governor was quoted saying on Monday."The fund has already started operations, with registration on Dec. 29 and the first board meeting on Jan. 6," Zhou Xiaochuan, governor of the People's Bank of China (PBOC), told the semi-official China Business News.The fund is partially financed by China's foreign exchange reserves, with investors including China Investment Corp, the country's sovereign fund, the PBOC said in a statement published later on Monday, confirming the news.Other investors were China's Development Bank and The Export-Import Bank of China, two leading Chinese policy banks, which lend in line with government instructions, the central bank said in the statement, without giving further details. China has dangled financial and trade incentives, mostly to Central Asia but also to countries in South Asia, backing efforts to resurrect the old Silk Road trading route that once carried treasures between China and the Mediterranean.Zhou said that the fund is not a state-owned sovereign fund, but was similar to a PE fund, although it planned longer-term investment than other PE funds. "As for how it will be similar to global funds, it is somewhat like the World Bank's IFC (International Finance Corp), the African Development Bank's mutual development fund and the China Africa Development Fund," Zhou said."What is different is that those funds are financed by a handful of investors instead of raising funds from the public." China has said that the Silk Road Fund will be "open" and welcome investors from Asia and beyond, focusing on China's Silk Road Economic Belt and the 21st Century Maritime Silk Road initiative, which aim to build roads, railways, ports and airports across Central Asia and South Asia.Zhou said that China would not aim to develop the fund into a multi-party development organisation, although it would consider setting up subsidiaries and branches in various  industries and regions.He added that the fund would be mainly denominated in foreign currencies, instead of Chinese yuan, and rejected the speculation that the fund is the Chinese-style  Marshall Plan."In its essence, the Silk Road fund is not similar to the Marshall Plan," Zhou said, referring to the U.S. programme to help reconstruct Europe after the World War II.    (Reporting by Lu Jianxin and Sue-Lin Wong)
57
U.S. begins largest auction of bitcoins seized in Silk Road bust
Thu Dec 4, 2014 8:39am EST
  NEW YORK Dec 4 The U.S. Marshals Service on Thursday began auctioning off 50,000 bitcoins seized during the prosecution of the alleged owner of Silk Road, an Internet black-market bazaar where authorities say drugs and other illegal goods could be bought.The six-hour online auction began at 8:00 a.m. EST (1300 GMT) for nearly $18.6 million worth of bitcoins, and the winning bidders will be notified Friday.It was the Marshals Service's second such auction following an earlier one in June for almost 30,000 bitcoins seized during the Silk Road raid in 2013.To date, the government has recovered 173,991 bitcoins while pursuing the case, including about 144,336 from computer hardware belonging to Ross Ulbricht, the alleged creator of the underground website. As part of a civil forfeiture proceeding, Ulbricht and the government reached a deal in January in which the bitcoins on his hardware would be sold and the proceeds held, pending the outcome of his case.The remaining 94,341 bitcoins from Ulbricht's hardware will be auctioned in the coming months.Lynzey Donahue, a Marshals Service spokeswoman, said authorities "didn't want to flood the market" with too many bitcoins at once. The previous set of 29,655 bitcoins, which were recovered from Silk Road's servers, were won at auction by a single bidder, Silicon Valley venture capitalist Tim Draper. Terms were not disclosed.Steven Englander, global head of G10 foreign exchange strategy at CitiFX, wrote in a note ahead of the auction that bidders this time "will likely lowball their bids relative to the current market price." "My expectation is that most bids will be aggressively to the downside in the hope of getting a post-Black Friday bargain," he wrote.Draper said Wednesday he would be among the bidders participating in the auction. Others who have said they will bid in the auction include the Bitcoin Investment Trust and Pantera Capital.Ulbricht, known online as "Dread Pirate Roberts," according to prosecutors, faces trial Jan. 5 on charges including conspiracy and narcotics trafficking. He has pleaded not guilty.Bitcoin prices were down 0.96 percent early Thursday at $371.37 per bitcoin, according to digital currency news website CoinDesk.   (Additional reporting by Sarah McBride in San Francisco; Editing by Bernadette Baum)
58
U.S. to auction 50,000 bitcoins seized in Silk Road case
Mon Nov 17, 2014 3:11pm EST
  NEW YORK The U.S. Marshals Service said Monday it will auction 50,000 bitcoins seized during the prosecution of the alleged owner of Silk Road, an Internet black-market bazaar where authorities say illegal drugs and other goods could be bought.An online auction is scheduled for Dec. 4 for the bitcoins, valued at nearly $19.8 million. It would be the Marshals Service's second such auction following an earlier one in June for almost 30,000 bitcoins seized during the 2013 raid on Silk Road.The latest batch of bitcoins was found on computer hardware authorities said belonged to Ross Ulbricht, who prosecutors accuse of creating the underground website.Authorities say in pursuing the case, the government has recovered 173,991 bitcoins, including about 144,336 recovered from computer hardware belonging to Ulbricht seized at the time of his arrest.As part of a civil forfeiture proceeding, Ulbricht and the government in January reached a deal in which the bitcoins on his hardware would be sold, with the proceeds to be held pending the outcome of his case. Potential bidders for the 50,000 bitcoins, which will be offered in 20 blocks, must register by Dec. 1. Winners will be notified Dec. 5.The remaining 94,341 bitcoins from Ulbricht's hardware will be auctioned "in the coming months," said Lynne Donahue, a Marshals Service spokeswoman.The previous set of 29,655 bitcoins, which were recovered from Silk Road's servers, were won at auction by a single bidder, Silicon Valley venture capitalist Tim Draper. Terms were not disclosed. Ulbricht, who prosecutors said was known online as "Dread Pirate Roberts," faces trial Jan. 5 on charges including conspiracy, narcotics trafficking, and continuing criminal enterprise.Ulbricht, 30, has pleaded not guilty. His lawyer declined comment Monday. Bitcoin prices were up 1.79 percent Friday at $395.49 per coin, according to the digital currency news website CoinDesk.(This version of the story corrects description of CoinDesk in last paragraph to clarify that it is a news website) (Reporting by Nate Raymond in New York; Editing by James Dalgleish and Dan Grebler)
59
U.S. auction of Silk Road bitcoins draws 27 bids
Thu Dec 4, 2014 4:23pm EST
  NEW YORK The U.S. Marshals Service on Thursday received more than two dozen bids for 50,000 bitcoins seized from the alleged owner of Silk Road, an Internet black-market bazaar on which authorities say drugs and other illegal goods could be bought.Lynzey Donahue, a Marshals Service spokeswoman, said the government had 11 registered bidders and 27 resulting bids. Winning bidders for the bitcoins, valued at $18.6 million, will be notified on Friday.It was the Marshals Service's second such auction following  one in June for almost 30,000 bitcoins seized during a raid on  Silk Road in 2013.To date, the government has recovered 173,991 bitcoins while pursuing the case, including 144,336 from computer hardware belonging to Ross Ulbricht, the alleged creator of the underground website.As part of a civil forfeiture proceeding, Ulbricht and the government reached a deal in January under which the bitcoins on his hardware would be sold and the proceeds held, pending the outcome of his case. The remaining bitcoins from Ulbricht's hardware will be auctioned in the coming months. Donahue said authorities "didn't want to flood the market" with too many bitcoins at once.The previous auction of 29,655 bitcoins, which were recovered from Silk Road's servers, was won by a single bidder, Silicon Valley venture capitalist Tim Draper. Terms were not disclosed. Steven Englander, global head of G10 foreign exchange strategy at CitiFX, wrote in a note ahead of the auction that bidders this time "will likely lowball their bids relative to the current market price.""My expectation is that most bids will be aggressively to the downside in the hope of getting a post-Black Friday bargain," he wrote. Draper said Wednesday he would be among the bidders participating in the auction. Others who have said they will bid in the auction include the Bitcoin Investment Trust and Pantera Capital.Ulbricht, known online as "Dread Pirate Roberts," according to prosecutors, faces trial Jan. 5 on charges including conspiracy, money laundering and narcotics trafficking. He has pleaded not guilty.Bitcoin prices were down 0.7 percent late Thursday at $372.81. The digital currency has lost roughly half its value so far this year.  (Additional reporting by Sarah McBride in San Francisco; Editing by Bernadette Baum and Steve Orlofsky)
60
U.S. Marshals to auction bitcoin seized in raid on Silk Road market
Thu Jun 12, 2014 8:53pm EDT
  The U.S. government plans to auction about 30,000 bitcoin, the electronic currency, valued at about $17.4 million, on June 27 the U.S. Marshals Service said. The bitcoin were seized during an FBI raid in October on the  Internet marketplace Silk Road, known as a hub for transactions involving illegal drugs and criminal activities.The bitcoin up for auction were contained in wallet files on the Silk Road servers and do not include the bitcoins contained on the computer hardware belonging to Silk Road owner Ross William Ulbricht, known online as "Dread Pirate Roberts." The virtual currency is transacted independent of central control and is not backed by any government or central bank. The FBI arrested Ulbricht in October and charged him with  one count each of narcotics trafficking conspiracy, computer hacking conspiracy and money laundering conspiracy.The auction will take place on June 27 on the U.S. Marshals Service website over a 12-hour period and consists of nine  blocks of 3,000 bitcoins and one block of 2,657 bitcoins. (r.reuters.com/tuv99v) The U.S. Marshals Service said it would notify the winning bidders by June 30.FBI spokeswoman Kelly Langsmesser confirmed that about 144,342 additional seized bitcoins were transferred from the FBI e-wallet to the U.S. Marshals Service e-wallet.     The seized bitcoins are part of the civil forfeiture and criminal action brought against Ulbricht and the assets of Silk Road, the U.S. Marshals Service said in a statement. These coins have not been put up for auction.     Bitcoin prices fell about 6.74 percent to $585.56 today, on the news, according to the digital currency exchange Coindesk.com. (Reporting by Ankit Ajmera and Tanvi Mehta in Bangalore; Editing by Cynthia Osterman)
61
Australia mulls extradition of alleged Silk Road moderator
Sat Mar 22, 2014 1:52am EDT
  CANBERRA The Australian government said it is deciding whether to extradite to the United States an alleged moderator of Silk Road, a website where people buy illegal drugs like heroin and cocaine using digital currency bitcoin.Peter Phillip Nash, 41, from Australia's Queensland state, and two other men were charged with conspiracy to engage in narcotics trafficking, computer hacking and money laundering in relation to the website in December.On Saturday, a spokeswoman for Australian Attorney-General George Brandis confirmed Nash appeared before a court in Queensland on Friday where he formally waived extradition rights."The Australian Minister for Justice must now determine under section 15B of the Extradition Act whether to surrender Mr Nash to the United States of America," the spokeswoman said. A spokesperson for Australian Minister for Justice Michael Keenan could not immediately be reached for comment. The two other accused men, aged 24 and 25, were arrested in the United States and Ireland and were administrators for the website, while Nash was a primary moderator, the indictment, made public in December, said.The charges followed the arrest in October of alleged Silk Road founder Ross Ulbricht, who is known online as "Dread Pirate Roberts. The indictment said the three men were part of Ulbricht's "small support staff" for Silk Road with salaries ranging from $50,000 to $75,000 a year. Nash, who was also known by names including "Batman73" and "Anonymousasshit," was a moderator since at least January 2013.(Reporting by Byron Kaye; Editing by Michael Perry)
62
U.S. details accused Silk Road operator's murder-for-hire plots
Mon Feb 2, 2015 5:56pm EST
  NEW YORK Federal prosecutors finished presenting their case against Silk Road's accused operator on Monday, as jurors were shown internal messages they said he sent soliciting the murder of five people he believed had threatened the underground drug-selling website.The murder-for-hire plots were detailed in a series of messages found on Silk Road's servers and shown to jurors during the federal trial in Manhattan of Ross Ulbricht, who prosecutors say ran the website under the alias Dread Pirate Roberts.While no evidence exists the murders took place, prosecutors contend Ulbricht's alleged attempts to solicit them show the lengths he took to protect Silk Road, a website where drugs and other illicit goods could be secretly bought with bitcoins.The messages showed that in 2013, Dread Pirate Roberts paid a purported Hells Angels member $150,000 in bitcoins to murder "FriendlyChemist," a user who had threatened to publicly release  Silk Road vendor and customer identities unless he was paid $500,000.Dread Pirate Roberts in a message said "this kind of behavior is unforgivable to me," adding: "Especially here on Silk Road, anonymity is sacrosanct." Dread Pirate Roberts later paid $500,000 to the same person, known online as redandwhite, to kill a Canadian drug dealer named tony76 and three associates after he was told they were connected to the extortion scheme and other scams."That problem was dealt with," redandwhite wrote in April 2013. The messages contained the real names of the targets but prosecutors say Canadian law enforcement could not find the targeted users or any homicides matching the messages' descriptions.Silk Road operated from at least January 2011 to October 2013. By the time authorities seized it, Silk Road had generated nearly $213.9 million in sales and $13.2 million in commissions, Brian Shaw, an FBI contractor, testified Monday.Ulbricht, 30, faces charges including conspiracy to commit narcotics trafficking. His lawyer, Joshua Dratel, has acknowledged Ulbricht created Silk Road but says his client became the "fall guy" for its true operators. While prosecutors spent Monday establishing Ulbricht's role in the murder-for-hire plots, several defense witnesses called after the government rested said he was a kind, loving person."He's one of the most peaceful people I know," said Daniel Davis, a friend who grew up with Ulbricht in Austin, Texas.Ulbricht told the judge he would not testify, leaving just three more witnesses to take the stand Tuesday before closing arguments later that day.The case is U.S. v. Ulbricht, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 13-06919.
63
Jury chosen in U.S. trial of accused Silk Road online market creator
Tue Jan 13, 2015 2:33pm EST
  NEW YORK A jury was selected on Tuesday for the trial of the suspected operator of Silk Road, an online black market bazaar where users could anonymously buy drugs and other illicit goods using bitcoin.The trial in Manhattan federal court of Ross Ulbricht, 30, marks the highest-profile test yet of U.S. authorities' efforts to crackdown on the use of the digital currency bitcoin for drug trafficking and other crimes.Ulbricht faces seven counts including operating a continuing criminal enterprise and conspiracy to commit narcotics trafficking. He faces up to life in prison in a case his supporters call an attack on Internet freedom.Outside the courthouse Tuesday, a small group of protesters held up signs, including ones saying "Free Ross," "30 years to life for an honest website?" and "Web hosting is not a crime!" The jury of six men and six women, plus four alternates, was expected to hear opening statements Tuesday afternoon.Silk Road operated from at least January 2011 to October 2013, authorities say, generating sales of $1.2 billion and commissions of $80 million by the time the FBI seized it and arrested Ulbricht. Prosecutors say Ulbricht ran it as the "Dread Pirate Roberts," an alias borrowed from a character in the 1987 movie "The Princess Bride." The website relied on the so-called Tor network, which lets users communicate anonymously.Authorities say Ulbricht took extreme steps to protect Silk Road, soliciting the murder-for-hire of six people who posed a threat. No evidence exists the murders were carried out. Ulbricht, who has been in custody since his arrest in October 2013, has pleaded not guilty and has never conceded creating Silk Road.Jurors were picked from a pool that U.S. District Judge Katherine Forrest said had included around 90 people. Another 92 potential jurors were dismissed before Tuesday based on their responses to a written questionnaire.Questions included what were potential jurors' computer habits and whether they had heard of Ulbricht, Silk Road, bitcoin or the Dread Pirate Roberts, other than in "The Princess Bride."The case is U.S. v. Ulbricht, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 13-06919.
64
Accused Silk Road operator never abandoned website, U.S. tells jury
Tue Feb 3, 2015 2:35pm EST
  NEW YORK A U.S. prosecutor sought on Tuesday to dissuade jurors of believing that the man who created the underground website Silk Road abandoned the venture before authorities shut it down, saying he operated it from beginning to end.Ross Ulbricht, who is on trial in Manhattan federal court, admits to creating Silk Road, where drugs and other goods could be bought with bitcoins. But his lawyers have said he sold the website and became the "fall guy" for its true operators.During closing arguments, a prosecutor tried to refute that claim as "absurd," saying that a "mountain of evidence" from Silk Road's servers and Ulbricht's laptop showed he never ceded control of the website, which they say he ran under the alias Dread Pirate Roberts."He built it, he grew it, he operated it from start to bottom until the end, when he was arrested logged into the website as its mastermind," said the prosecutor, Serrin Turner. Silk Road operated from at least January 2011 until October 2013, when authorities seized the website and arrested Ulbricht at a public library in San Francisco.By the time it was shut down, Silk Road had generated nearly $213.9 million in sales and $13.2 million in commissions, prosecutors said. Ulbricht, 30, faces seven counts, including narcotics trafficking conspiracy, for his role building what Turner called "an online storefront for drug dealers."The Dread Pirate Roberts alias, borrowed from a character in the 1987 movie "The Princess Bride," was a "bogus cover story," Turner added, intended to convince people the pseudonym could be passed on to others, as in the film. "The defendant is trying to dust off the old 'Dread Pirate Roberts' flag and fly it one more time - before you, ladies and gentlemen," Turner said.The defense was expected to present its closing arguments Tuesday afternoon.The case is U.S. v. Ulbricht, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 13-06919.
65
Trip Tips: Perception versus reality on the reconstructed Silk Road
Thu Dec 26, 2013 7:22pm EST
  SAMARKAND I had a smile on my face as I strode across the tarmac of Samarkand airport, for I had arrived at last in the city I had toiled for four years to recreate as a novelist.My expectations of seeing everything I had researched about one of the oldest inhabited cities in the world - it was founded in 700 B.C. by the greatest traders of the old Silk Road, the Sogdians - could hardly have been higher.Samarkand was once one of the greatest cities of Central Asia, the "Rome of the East". I was travelling in the footsteps of Alexander the Great, Genghis Khan, Marco Polo and Tamerlane. Now the second city of Uzbekistan after its capital, Tashkent, the mantle of history lies heavy on Samarkand.I was making this trip in the height of comfort and convenience, travelling by private jet and chartered train as guest lecturer with a luxury tour company.Of all the cities of the Silk Road, Samarkand is without doubt the most evocative. To 19th century orientalists such as James Elroy Flecker, who wrote "The Golden Road to Samarkand", it was the home of all the romance and poetry in the East.For 2,500 years Samarkand maintained its position as the richest and most populous metropolis on the Central Asian section of the Silk Road - the series of routes on which goods, people, philosophies and culture flowed back and forth from China to the Mediterranean and all points in between.I was attracted to Samarkand as the primary location for my novel, especially when I learned that an equally legendary and despotic ruler made it his capital city in medieval times.Timur the Lame - better known to us in the West as Tamerlane or Tamburlaine the Great, constructed at a furious pace all the beautiful mosques, madrasas (Islamic religious schools), gardens and squares of this amazing city.But to the astonishment of me and my fellow passengers, it is nothing like the Silk Road city we expected - no winding alleyways, romantic ruins or local markets selling silks, spices and foodstuffs of every variety.The markets exist but are now in clean, modern, open-air retail spaces that would not be out of place in Europe.Samarkand and Bukhara, about 250 km (155 miles) to the west, are impressively modern and clean, with wide boulevards and obvious signs of Soviet style. The mosques, madrasas, mausoleums and temples have all been restored to perfection.If this reconstruction had not been done, these historic buildings would have disappeared by now, given the advanced state of dilapidation most were in by the turn of the last century.In this sense, the purists' howls of protest against what they regard as over-enthusiastic renovation is missing the point. These buildings would not be here otherwise.HARDWIRED INTO HISTORYUzbekistan has shed its 70 years of Soviet rule very quickly since independence in 1991, reasserting its own identity and adopting Timur as its national hero.The emancipation of women is another astonishing legacy of the Soviet era and all the more surprising to witness it in an Asian and predominantly Muslim country.Shopping in these places, there is the inevitable haggling and determination by the merchants not to let you go. We took this in the spirit of the Silk Road as the tradition of buying, selling, bartering, exchanging and haggling is hardwired into the history of these great cities of ancient times. The main plaza in Samarkand is Registan Square and it is big - about the size of two football fields, with imposing madrasa entry arches flanking three sides. It has all been restored from the dilapidated ruins of a century ago.While the quality of the restoration work is variable, as a rule the Soviet-era renovation is meticulously well done. For example, Timur's mausoleum has been lovingly returned to its former grandeur in all its intricate detail.The tomb itself is marked by a two-meter (six-foot) block of black jade, the biggest in the world then and now. Legend has it that Timur's howls of rage - at being, finally, dead and buried - could be heard for weeks after his internment.The tour pushed on to Bukhara, at the crossroads of the Silk Road's east-west and north-south trade routes. By 500 B.C. it was already an important centre.Defended by 13 km (8 miles) of ramparts and gates as part of a formidable citadel, much of it has been restored as part of its 2,500th anniversary celebration in 1997. It was the last city to fall to the Bolsheviks when the Emir of Bukhara, the last of his line, fled to Afghanistan in 1920.There are now more than 140 restored and protected buildings in Bukhara, including a reconstruction - to 30 percent of its former size - of the Ark, a fortified palace dating to the 5th century.The main entrance gates have been fully restored along with the surrounding citadel walls, making it a very impressive representation of an ancient Silk Road town - and quite unlike Samarkand. The first sight of the Ark is breathtaking, especially when you realize you are not looking at a film set.UZBEK FOOD: DIVERSE & DELICIOUS When you're travelling in this part of the world, take the time to savor Uzbek cuisine. It is one of the most diverse in Central Asia and even the names of the most popular national dishes make the mouth water: plov, manti, shurpa, shashlik, lagman, samsa. They smell divine too.Most of the classic Uzbek dishes have a culinary history going back centuries. Mix in some Turkic, Kazakh, Uighur, Tajik, Tatar and Mongolian influences and you end up with a diversity that is astonishing.This diversity is reflected in a typical Uzbeki meal of many different courses. Be warned!At the beginning the table is laden with sweetmeats and fruit, followed by vegetables and salads. Then it is the turn of soups - savory shurpa and thick mastava, to name just two.If you're full already, you've badly miscalculated as now come the main dishes - manti, lagman, shashlik and plov.Plov was my favourite. A hearty one-pot rice dish cooked with lamb, onions, raisins and carrots, it has a delightfully sweet background taste.Any good restaurant in Samarkand or Bukhara should do it well but make sure you try the Caravan Restaurant in M. Ikbol Street 12 in Bukhara, an open-yard and traditional eatery that serves a wondrously tasty plov.THE RECONSTRUCTION GENIEAlong with the extensive restoration in Silk Road cities such as Samarkand and Bukhara, there is evidence of creeping "tourist-isation" with signs in multiple languages for Silk Road tearooms and the like. But this does not mean they are simply museum pieces.Traditional skills and local crafts are very much alive, as I witnessed wandering into a carpet shop to watch the weaving by a row of women crouching on the floor at their looms.From Bukhara we went to Khiva (pronounced "Heeva"), which was another important east-west crossroads city. Like Bukhara's Ark citadel, Khiva has also been renovated to the point of reconstruction.The effect is that it looks almost too good to be true - almost. The city walls tower formidably and you enter the "old town" through a massive pair of fortified gates, just as you would have done in Khiva's ancient heyday.But this is no film set. People actually live and work in the old fortified town. As we went to look at the harem living quarters - occupied right up until the last emir fled in 1920 - the thunderous hammer blows from a blacksmith's shop rang out.That added an authentic working feeling to the usual hubbub of hawkers and shopkeepers enticing us to look at, feel or try on their assortment of beautiful fur hats, multicolored silks and rugs.Khiva was the last of our Silk Road destinations.In just nine days we had seen a significant section of the western Chinese end and Central Asian part of the Silk Road, starting at Kashgar.From Kashgar we went to Samarkand, a distance of 775 km (480 miles). Samarkand to Bukhara is a short hop by plane and the journey from Bukhara to Khiva is about 385 km (240 miles).The total distance was 1,375 km (855 miles) but travelling by plane meant the sense of wonder at visiting these iconic destinations was tempered by getting very little idea of the distances involved.What we had covered in just nine days would have taken the ancient Silk Road traveler eight to 10 weeks at a good "caravan pace" of 24 km (15 miles) per day.Can the reconstruction genie ever be returned to its bottle to conjure up the Silk Road of Flecker's imagination?"And softly through the silence beat the bells/Along the golden road to Samarkand," he wrote.Samarkand as the home of all the romance and poetry in the East lives on. But perhaps all the time it really was just in our imaginations.(The author is a Reuters contributor. His novel "Dragon Horse", set on the ancient Silk Road, was published in 2008.)(Editing by John O'Callaghan)
66
U.S. hearing postponed for accused operator of Silk Road online drug bazaar
Fri Oct 4, 2013 4:00pm EDT
  SAN FRANCISCO A federal magistrate judge postponed a bail hearing on Friday for the alleged mastermind of the Silk Road online drug bazaar in order to give the 29-year-old's lawyer more time to prepare.Wearing leg shackles and a red jail uniform, Ross William Ulbricht was led into the San Francisco court room, where he was represented by a public defender during the 10-minute proceeding.U.S. Magistrate Judge Joseph Spero rescheduled the bail hearing until next Wednesday after public defender Brandon LeBlanc asked for more time. LeBlanc told reporters his client denied all charges.The Federal Bureau of Investigation arrested Ulbricht on Tuesday and accused him of running the Silk Road website, a market place for illegal goods, under the online alias "Dread Pirate Roberts."Authorities said they seized $3.6 million worth of the bitcoin digital currency, which was used instead of cash or credit cards to complete transactions for drugs and other illegal merchandise. Federal prosecutors in New York have charged him with one count each of narcotics trafficking conspiracy, computer hacking conspiracy and money laundering conspiracy, according to court filings.They also say Ulbricht tried to have someone killed who had threatened to expose the identities of thousands of Silk Road users unless Ulbricht sent him money.For more than two years, Silk Road allowed thousands of tech-savvy sellers to post ads for drugs and other illegal products, which they shipped to customers through the mail. Like eBay, which does not permit the sale of illegal products, sellers on Silk Road depended on positive reviews left by their customers in order to maintain good reputations and generate more sales.Bitcoins, which provide a degree of privacy in online transactions, can be stored in "wallets" kept online or on individual personal computers. According to the complaint, Ulbricht, whose alleged online alias comes from the Princess Bride novel and movie, operated the Silk Road site from his apartment and nearby Internet cafes in San Francisco.The site also offered tutorials on hacking ATM machines, contact lists for black market connections and counterfeiters, and guns and hit men for sale, according to the charges.Authorities said Ulbricht's website generated sales of more than 9.5 million bitcoins, roughly equivalent to $1.2 billion. Bitcoin exists solely in cyber form, and some devotees promote it as the future of money. Authorities have stepped up their scrutiny of the virtual currency and its possible connection to money laundering and other illegal activities.The criminal case is U.S. v. Ulbricht 13-mg-023287.(Reporting by Noel Randewich; Editing by Kenneth Barry)
67
Marketplace of vice, 'Silk Road' meets its end
Wed Oct 2, 2013 7:08pm EDT
  BOSTON Before it was shut down by U.S. agents this week, people looking to buy street drugs, hire hackers or hitmen, and acquire stolen e-commerce accounts anonymously online could go to Silk Road, the Amazon.com of vice.For more than two years, according to U.S. authorities, the website allowed users to buy and sell illegal goods and services on the assumption that they were safe from the law. The buyers were cloaked by technology designed to keep identities secret and transactions were processed with bitcoin digital currency.Silk Road's alleged creator, 29-year-old Ross William Ulbricht, was arrested in San Francisco by FBI agents on Tuesday after investigators apparently linked his personal email address to the website, which has been shut down.Ulbricht's lawyer Brandon LeBlanc, a public defender, declined to comment.The crackdown on Silk Road is the latest in a series of moves by law enforcement against digital currencies, which critics say are a magnet for drug transactions, money-laundering and other illegal activities."Silk Road has emerged as the most sophisticated and extensive criminal marketplace on the Internet today," FBI agent Christopher Tarbell said in the criminal complaint.Based on court documents filed since the arrest, Silk Road -named for the ancient trade routes between China and the West - offered a wide array of wares.Customers could buy a gram of cocaine for 0.8956 bitcoin, or about $127 at an exchange rate of $142 per bitcoin. That exchange rate fell to as low as $110 per bitcoin on Tuesday, after the Silk Road bust was announced.A half pound of "hydroponic bud" was running about 17.2 bitcoins and 25 LSD blotters were on offer for 1.48 bitcoins, according to court filings that included screen shots of the product listings. Vendors showed photos of crushed white powder, marijuana, pills and other illicit-looking substances. The website included nearly 13,000 listings for controlled substances as of September 23, according to the court documents."Quality is superb ... Best stuff I've seen in a while," one user reported, according to the documents, saying he received a shipment of heroin overnight from a dealer known as "gotsitall 5.0."Gotsitall 5.0 charged an extra $12 to insure his product, which he described as "high quality #4 heroin all rock," according to the documents.Another vendor offered the services of "hitmen" operating in more than 10 countries, according to the FBI. Tarbell said in the complaint that buyers could also purchase firearms and the services of hackers offering to break into ATMs and social networking accounts on Facebook or Twitter. They also sold computer viruses that could be used to attack personal computers, as well as access to compromised accounts on online services such as Amazon.com Inc and Netflix Inc, he said.CAUGHT IN A LIBRARYThe end for Silk Road came in the small Glen Park branch of the San Francisco public library system on Tuesday afternoon.At least six plainclothes FBI agents seized Ulbricht as he lingered at a corner table on the second floor near the science fiction section, pressing him up against a window and announcing he was under arrest, a library spokeswoman said.A Silk Road wiki had offered advice on how to avoid getting caught by authorities. A seller's guide advised sellers to vacuum seal packages containing narcotics to avoid detection by dogs or electronic sniffers, according to the complaint. The court documents allege that altogether bitcoins worth some $1.2 billion changed hands through the Silk Road site, which charged commissions of between 8 and 15 percent before it was shut down after a 2 1/2-year run.Silk Road processed all transactions with bitcoin, which leaves no traditional money trail for investigators to follow.The site also routed traffic through a no-cost, anti-surveillance service known as the Tor network.Tor sends traffic through multiple virtual "tunnels" and relays in a bid to keep Web users' identities secret. It also provides "hidden services" to help websites keep the locations of their servers confidential by routing traffic to them from other locations.Tor, which was originally developed with a seed grant from the U.S. Naval Research Laboratory, is an open source project backed by people who say they are concerned about internet surveillance. It is accessible to anybody, including criminals.The complaint describes some of the steps by which investigators came to the conclusion that Ulbricht was the owner of the site, known online as "Dread Pirate Roberts."It said the mistakes included using a Google email address, rossulbricht@gmail.com, for communications linked to Silk Road, such as promotional material about the website dating back to January 2011.(Reporting by Emily Flitter; Additional reporting by Joseph Menn; Editing by Richard Valdmanis and Jim Loney)
68
Silk Road Medical Announces FDA 510(k) Clearance of the ENROUTE® Transcarotid Neuroprotection System
Tue Feb 10, 2015 8:00am EST
    Silk Road Medical Announces FDA 510(k) Clearance of the ENROUTE® Transcarotid Neuroprotection System Novel system to protect against stroke via direct carotid access and robust blood flow reversal initiates a new era in carotid revascularization PR Newswire SUNNYVALE, Calif., Feb. 10, 2015   SUNNYVALE, Calif., Feb. 10, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Silk Road Medical, Inc., a pioneer in the development of transcarotid therapies for intra and extracranial vascular diseases, announces the company has received Food & Drug Administration (FDA) 510(k) clearance for its ENROUTE Transcarotid Neuroprotection System (NPS).  The ENROUTE Transcarotid NPS is a first in class system used to directly access the common carotid artery and initiate high rate temporary blood flow reversal to protect the brain from stroke while performing carotid angioplasty and stenting (CAS)."The ENROUTE technology enables a true hybrid procedure offering the best of both worlds – the critical protection against peri-procedural stroke we've achieved with carotid endarterectomy (CEA) with the ability to reduce surgical complications using minimally invasive endovascular techniques (CAS)," said Dr. Manish Mehta, Professor of Surgery at Albany Medical College and an Investigator in the ROADSTER trial. "It is also a quick, efficient procedure which can be performed under local anesthesia with minimal scarring, which is highly beneficial for both the patient and the operator."  Richard Cambria, MD, Chief of the Division of Vascular and Endovascular Surgery at Massachusetts General Hospital and the National Co-Principal Investigator of the ROADSTER trial along with colleague Christopher Kwolek, MD, commented: "We continue to operate on high surgical risk patients because transfemoral CAS has shown excess peri-procedural stroke risk.  With the ENROUTE Transcarotid NPS, we now have CEA-like neuroprotection and a simplified procedure that can fulfill the promise of CAS." The FDA cleared the ENROUTE Transcarotid NPS based in part on the results of the ROADSTER trial, which achieved a 30 day stroke rate of 1.4% in the pivotal cohort, the lowest to date for any prospective trial of CAS. There were no major strokes and there were no strokes in important high risk subgroups, including the elderly (age ≥75), women, and symptomatic patients. "Clearance of the ENROUTE Transcarotid NPS is a result of the dedication of the ROADSTER investigators to their patients, the highly collaborative interaction with our colleagues at the FDA, and the hard work of our employees," said Ric Ruedy, Executive Vice President for Clinical, Regulatory and Quality. Silk Road Medical has also submitted a Premarket Approval (PMA) application for the ENROUTE Transcarotid Stent System (Stent), which is an optimized stent delivery system designed for use with the ENROUTE Transcarotid NPS. "With clearance of the ENROUTE Transcarotid NPS in hand, we are on the eve of commercialization in the United States.  Severe carotid artery stenosis is one of the last frontiers in vascular disease that is still treated primarily by an open surgical approach.  We look forward to bringing our less invasive, surgically-inspired ENROUTE Systems to market for vascular specialists and their patients," said Erica Rogers, Chief Executive Officer.About Silk Road Medical Silk Road Medical, Inc. is a private company located in Sunnyvale, CA, that develops and manufactures less-invasive medical devices intended to improve the treatment of intra- and extra-cranial cerebrovascular disease through proprietary transcarotid therapies.  Detailed information about Silk Road Medical can be found at www.silkroadmed.com.  Silk Road and ENROUTE are registered trademarks of Silk Road Medical, Inc.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/silk-road-medical-announces-fda-510k-clearance-of-the-enroute-transcarotid-neuroprotection-system-300033527.htmlSOURCE  Silk Road Medical, Inc. 
69
SilkRoad Launches Next Generation Human Resources Management System
Tue Jan 20, 2015 9:00am EST
    SilkRoad Launches Next Generation Human Resources Management System   Offers Game Changing Technology to the SMB Market for Managing        Workforce Data         SilkRoad, a leading global provider of cloud-based talent        management solutions, announced the release of its next generation        Human Resources Management System (HRMS). SilkRoad HRMS is a new way for        companies to manage their employee data with the added benefit of easily        integrating with payroll, time off, and benefits systems as well as the        rest of the SilkRoad Life Suite of talent management solutions. SilkRoad        HRMS will simplify how organizations manage workforces and report data.        A live web demonstration of the new product will take place on January        29, 1PM CST.             Click here        to tweet this release.             “I am very proud of what the SilkRoad product and development teams have        achieved with this release,” said John Shackleton, President and CEO of        SilkRoad. “SilkRoad HRMS will provide small to medium businesses with a        new secure and powerful tool to manage employee data across multiple        locations and divisions.”       Product Highlights    Save time with a centralized location for record keeping and          managing organizational data across the SilkRoad Life Suite.         Simplify workforce management by importing and exporting key          data for mass uploads and mass updates.         Eliminate guesswork of employee data changes with an audit          trail view.         Provide real time insights of desired data by easily exporting          any filtered information.         Streamline the administration of benefits, time off, and          payroll.         Leverage SilkRoad partners in the Talent App Exchange to          enhance your HRMS and Talent Management system.          Supporting Resources    Register          for the January 29, 1PM CST demo webinar.         See          the slide presentation.          About SilkRoad         SilkRoad is a leading global provider of cloud-based, end-to-end talent        management solutions that enable customers to find, attract, develop,        and retain the best talent. The award-winning SilkRoad Life Suite        includes Talent Acquisition, Talent Development, and HRMS solutions that        are delivered through a tablet-friendly Talent Portal. The suite is easy        to deploy and use – a single platform to rapidly boost employee        engagement and business performance. Visit www.silkroad.com,        follow on Twitter @SilkRoadTweets or call 866-329-3363 (U.S. toll free)        or +1-312-574-3700.       Photos/Multimedia Gallery Available: http://www.businesswire.com/multimedia/home/20150120005266/en/        SilkRoadRyan Rivera, 312.300.4420Ryan.Rivera@silkroad.com      
70
Senators seek crackdown on "Bitcoin" currency
Wed Jun 8, 2011 11:17am EDT
  ST. LOUIS (Thomson Reuters Accelus) - Two senators are pressing federal authorities to crack down on an online black market and "untraceable" digital currency known as Bitcoins after reports that they are used to buy illegal drugs anonymously.Democratic Senators Charles Schumer of New York and Joe Manchin of West Virginia wrote to Attorney General Eric Holder and Drug Enforcement Administration head Michele Leonhart in a letter that expressed concerns about the underground website "Silk Road" and the use of Bitcoins to make purchases there.The letter prompted a discussion among Bitcoin enthusiasts about whether the government was capable of closing related bank accounts and thereby stifling the currency.The senators released a copy of their letter on Monday. It cites recent media reports that some tech-savvy individuals were using an "anonymizing network" known as Tor to gain clandestine access to Silk Road and buy illegal drugs.Silk Road buyers pay with Bitcoins and sellers mail the drugs, the Gawker blog reported. The transactions leave no traditional money trail for investigators to follow, and leave it hard to prove a package recipient knew in advance what was in a shipment."The only method of payment for these illegal purchases is an untraceable peer-to-peer currency known as Bitcoins. After purchasing Bitcoins through an exchange, a user can create an account on Silk Road and start purchasing illegal drugs from individuals around the world and have them delivered to their homes within days," the senators' letter states. "We urge you to take immediate action and shut down the Silk Road network." The DEA is "absolutely" concerned about Bitcoins and other anonymous digital currencies, agency spokeswoman Dawn Dearden said when asked for a response to the senators' concerns."The DEA is constantly evaluating and analyzing new technologies and schemes perpetrated by drug trafficking networks. While we won't confirm or deny the existence of specific investigations, DEA is well aware of these emerging threats and we will act accordingly," she said.Silk Road may be hard to close. It could easily move from server to server around the globe and change its Web address and name at will, while remaining accessible through Tor. However, Bitcoins must be purchased with real money; of late, they have been selling for roughly $10 each.Therefore, there are exchanges with bank accounts, such as the Mt. Gox Bitcoin Exchange, that the Justice Department and other law enforcement agencies may be able to target. It is this weak link that worries the currency's enthusiasts.A discussion thread this week on the primary Bitcoin forum was titled "Will Mt. Gox US Bank accounts eventually get frozen?" Some speculated that if the government bans transactions involving Bitcoin exchanges, a layer of shell companies might allow them to continue. One user described this process as simply "growing pains" and asserted that the government "can't stop a peer-to-peer service."U.S. law enforcers might have difficulty stopping Bitcoins without help from their peers in other countries.While little information about Bitcoin exchanges is publicly available, an item posted on a website called Bitcoin Watch states that Mt. Gox's bank account is in Japan, and anecdotal evidence suggests many other exchanges operate outside of the US.Mt. Gox's website does not list a phone number, representatives could not be reached via email.(Editing by Randall Mikkelsen)
71
REG-SILK ROAD FINANCE NUMBER ONE PLC Notice of Redemption
Thu Jan 29, 2015 10:02am EST
          Notice of Redemption         NOTICE TO NOTEHOLDERS   SILK ROAD FINANCE NUMBER ONE PLC   4th Floor, 40 Dukes Place,   London EC3A 7NH   (as Issuer)         Dated 29 January 2015       To the Noteholders of:   £2,500,000,000 Class A1 Mortgage Backed Floating Rate Notes due        December 2052   (Common Code: 048842089, ISIN: XS0488420893)   (the "Class A1 Notes")         NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the Issuer will redeem all outstanding Class        A1 Notes at their then Principal Amount Outstanding together with        accrued interest on 23 March 2015, pursuant to condition 7.3(a)(iii) of        the Class A1 Notes which allows for redemption of the Class A1 Notes on        any Interest Payment Date falling on or after the Expected Maturity        Date. This notice is irrevocable.             The Issuer has requested the UK Listing Authority to cancel the listing        of the Class A1 Notes on the Official List maintained by the UK Listing        Authority with effect from 30 March 2015 and also notified the London        Stock Exchange plc that it wishes to cancel the admission to trading on        the London Stock Exchange of the Class A1 Notes with effect from 30        March 2015 following the full and final redemption of the Class A1 Notes        by the Issuer on 23 March 2015.       Terms used but not defined in this notice bear the same meaning as        set out in the trust deed made between, amongst others, Silk Road        Finance Number One PLC, the Security Trustee and the Note Trustee dated        25 February 2010 and supplemented on 17 January 2014.   Silk Road Finance Number One PLC            SILK ROAD FINANCE NUMBER ONE PLC          
72
U.S. to auction 50,000 bitcoins seized in Silk Road case
Mon Nov 17, 2014 11:46am EST
  NEW YORK Nov 17 The U.S. Marshals Service said Monday it will auction 50,000 bitcoins seized during the prosecution of the alleged owner of Silk Road, an Internet black-market bazaar where authorities say illegal drugs and other goods could be bought.The auction, scheduled for Dec. 4, followed one in June of about 30,000 bitcoins seized during an October 2013 raid on Silk Road.  The latest batch of bitcoins was found on computer hardware authorities said belonged to Ross Ulbricht, a Texas man accused of creating Silk Road who is scheduled to face trial in January.   (Reporting by Nate Raymond in New York; Editing by James Dalgleish) 
73
Silk Road's alleged mastermind makes first NY court appearance
Wed Nov 6, 2013 5:04pm EST
  NEW YORK A lawyer for 29-year-old Ross William Ulbricht, the man U.S. prosecutors say operated the anonymous online criminal marketplace Silk Road, on Wednesday said his client would plead not guilty to drug trafficking, hacking and money laundering charges.Joshua Dratel, who spoke after Ulbricht's first appearance in Manhattan federal court, said his client is not the man federal prosecutors are trying to make him out to be. He said he would begin making the case for Ulbricht to be released on bail to await his trial. Ulbricht is currently being held in a federal detention center in Manhattan. His bail hearing is scheduled for November 21."The evidence will not establish that he is who they say he is," Dratel said. "He's educated; he comes from Texas; he has a good family and a lot of friends who all express a very strong conviction that he is not the person" authorities described in the criminal complaint against him, Dratel said.Ulbricht was arrested October 1 in a public library in San Francisco and charged by prosecutors in New York with one count each of money laundering, computer hacking and drug trafficking. U.S. authorities say he is the founder and was the sole operator of Silk Road, where drugs, hacking services and even assassins were sold in exchange for the digital currency Bitcoin.Standing between two lawyers wearing blue and brown prison clothes, Ulbricht, clean shaven, spoke only to answer a magistrate judge's questions. When he spoke to reporters after the short hearing ended, Dratel, who has handled several high-profile terrorism cases, said Ulbricht's case covered a range of issues raised by the digital age and largely untested in courts, including the way in which his team would get access to digital evidence used to build the case. He said he had only met Ulbricht for 20 minutes, but that he seemed to be "in good enough spirits.""He's coherent and engaged," Dratel said.He said he had not had a chance to see the evidence the government had against Ulbricht, but added he was concerned about "what extent the pervasive surveillance apparatus" played in the government's investigation of Silk Road. "If you're talking about trying to compromise Tor," Dratel said, referring to an encrypted internet network that afforded users complete anonymity, "you're going to be running into the NSA."Dratel said he was concerned about the practice of parallel construction, a method Reuters described earlier this year that is used by agencies including the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the Drug Enforcement Administration to reconstruct cases that were originally made on evidence gathered using secret surveillance tactics to hide the secret evidence.Dratel pointed out that commentators on the internet have engaged in voluminous speculation that Ulbricht's case was one in which parallel construction was used. "They're instructed to sanitize it," Dratel said of federal law enforcement agencies.A spokesman for the FBI, Peter Donald, declined to comment.Meanwhile, as Ulbricht remains in custody, a new anonymous Internet marketplace for illegal drugs debuted on Wednesday, with the same name and appearance as the Silk Road website shut down by U.S. law enforcement authorities a month ago.The case is U.S. v. Ulbricht, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 13-06919.(Reporting By Emily Flitter; Editing by Alden Bentley)
74
World Chefs: Silk Road journey of noodles, dumplings and family
Tue Aug 13, 2013 12:13am EDT
  TOKYO Aug 13 Jen Lin-Liu, a U.S.-born resident of China, was taking a pasta-making course in Rome when she began wondering whether the tale of Marco Polo bringing noodles to Italy from China was actually true.Her curiosity led her along the Silk Road, the ancient trade route linking Asia and Europe, eating the different kinds of pasta she found and speaking candidly with women as they cooked together in kitchens along the way.Lin-Liu, who runs a Beijing cooking school and now lives in the Chinese city of Chengdu, spoke with Reuters about noodles, dumplings and her just-published book "On the Noodle Road".Q: This got started in Italy?A: At the pasta class I was really struck by how similar the method of making fettuccine was to Chinese noodles. Not only that but there are so many shapes of noodles that I've seen across China that reminded me of Italian shapes ... A lot of the similarities were specifically things I'd seen with northern Chinese food and Italian food.In northern China they use fennel, they use a lot of eggplant, a lot of noodles. So it got my curiosity going: was there a connection between the noodles of China and pasta in Italy and was that myth about Marco Polo true? And if not, is there something else in its place that could explain all these coincidences?Q: What was one of the most surprising things you found?A: I found the similarities between the dumplings of the Silk Road to be the most striking element of the food - Chinese dumplings that evolved into a steamed dumpling in the Uighur community called manta, which are stuffed with either pumpkin or mutton and served with a clotted cream. Those dumplings cross over into Central Asia as pretty much the same thing.Then as you cross the Silk Road into Turkey that same dumpling is called manti. It gets substantially smaller, basically the size of the pinkie nail, and is filled with a little dot of beef and onion and cooked very quickly, served with a yoghurt sauce with a drizzle of mint oil and paprika and crushed walnuts. Delicious. Then that same dish you see in Italy, with tortellini, where they become a little bit bigger.What connected the tortellini with the Turkish manti is that I heard the same story told about those two dishes - that daughters-in-law, when they married into a family, were judged by how well they made them. The more they could fit on a spoon, the better daughter-in-law they were.Q: What impact has this trip had on your cooking and thinking about food?A: I have a much greater appreciation for certain ingredients such as Chinese chives. It was an interesting ingredient that I saw quite far along the Silk Road, all the way to Turkey. I had never really liked Chinese chives before but it was used in Uighur cooking. I saw it in Central Asia and then in Turkey. Mung beans were another one. In Central Asia they're a savory ingredient they make a kind of split pea soup with and they make a salad with it in Turkey that's similar to tabbouleh. It's interesting to see the different applications of ingredients, things that in China I would pretty much just associate with dumplings. To see them incorporated in different ways opens your way of thinking to why can't I serve this sweet or savory? Why does it have to be this one way?Q: In China, you've lived in Beijing, Shanghai and Chengdu  - can you name a food from each city that symbolizes it to you?A: Beijing, definitely dumplings. The best dumplings are the regular dumplings filled with things like pork and fennel or lamb and pumpkin. In Shanghai, they have the Shanghai soup dumplings with very thin wrappers filled with some ground pork and soup. Those are delicious. In Chengdu, if we were going to continue with the theme, they have a dish of spicy wontons - little dumplings, wontons, covered in a really spicy, sweet sesame oil, little sesame seeds sprinkled over it. They're delicious, partly because of all the wonderful sauce you get.Q: So noodles really cross boundaries.A: Yes, they can assimilate into so many different cultures, that's what's so different. They have inserted themselves into the flavours and cultures of every place they went.Samsa (Uzbek Baked Dumplings) Dough:1 cup (240 ml) cold water1 teaspoon salt2 1/4 cups flourFilling:1/2 lb (230 grams) ground beef or lamb (30 percent fat) 1 medium onion, minced1 tablespoon salt1 tablespoon ground cumin1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper1/2 cup vegetable shortening or margarine2 egg yolks, beaten1. Place the water and salt in a large bowl, add 1 cup flour. Mix thoroughly then add the rest of the flour, 1/4 cup at a time, until all the flour has been incorporated. Transfer the dough to a clean, lightly floured surface and knead for 3 to 5 minutes until soft and pliable but still a little springy. Cover with a damp cloth or wrap in plastic and let sit for at least 30 minutes.2. In a medium bowl, combine the beef or lamb with the onion, salt, cumin and black pepper. Mix thoroughly.3. Working with 1/4 of the dough each time, roll each portion into a single very thin sheet - it should be almost translucent. Smear a very thin layer of shortening or margarine over the sheet of dough and fold it in half. Repeat, folding again. Place the dough in the centre of your working surface and roll it out into a thin square. Sprinkle flour over the dough and cut into 3-inch by 3-inch (7.5 cm) squares.4. Place a dough square in the center of your palm and add about 2 tablespoons of filling. Bring one pair of diagonally opposed corners together and press to seal, then bring the other pair together and press again. Seal the dumpling completely along the edges to make a pyramid shape with a square base. Brush each dumpling with a thin layer of beaten egg yolk.5. In oven heated to 350 degrees F (180 C), bake the dumplings for 10 minutes. Then turn up the heat to 425 F (220 C) and bake for another 10 minutes. Remove from the oven and serve immediately.   (Editing by John O'Callaghan)
75
Exclusive: Bitcoin promoter to plead guilty to unlicensed money transmission
Fri Aug 29, 2014 7:15pm EDT
  NEW YORK Bitcoin entrepreneur Charlie Shrem has reached a plea deal to resolve U.S. charges that he engaged in a scheme to sell over $1 million of the digital currency to users of illicit online marketplace Silk Road, his lawyer said Friday.Shrem, the former vice chairman of the Bitcoin Foundation, will plead guilty next Thursday in New York federal court to unlicensed money transmission, Marc Agnifilo, his lawyer told Reuters in an email.Prosecutors had previously charged Shrem with operating an unlicensed money transmitting business, money laundering conspiracy and failing to file suspicious activity reports with government banking authorities.Federal authorities shut down Silk Road last year, though a new Internet marketplace under the same name was launched in November. Prosecutors contend Silk Road enabled users to buy and sell illegal drugs and other illicit goods and services. Soon after his arrest in January, Shrem stepped down from his role at the Bitcoin Foundation, a well-known trade group. He was previously CEO of BitInstant, a bitcoin exchange company.A notice of a plea hearing in the case of Shrem and his co-defendant, Robert Faiella, was included in a calendar distributed by court officials earlier Friday. It was not immediately clear if Faiella, a Florida man who faced similar charges as Shrem, will plead guilty or move ahead with trial Sept. 22. He has previously pleaded not guilty.But Faiella, 54, is expected to fly to New York for the hearing, according to a court order filed Friday. A lawyer for Faiella did not respond to requests for comment. A spokesman for Manhattan U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara declined comment.Prosecutors are pursuing a separate case against Ross William Ulbricht, the man accused of creating and operating Silk Road under the name "Dread Pirate Roberts." He is set to face trial Nov. 3.The case is U.S. v. Faiella, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 14-cr-00243.
76
U.S. seizes $28 million in bitcoins from man linked to online drug market
Fri Oct 25, 2013 9:22pm EDT
  NEW YORK U.S. authorities have seized an estimated $28 million in the digital currency bitcoins from the alleged owner of "Silk Road," the online marketplace for drugs and criminal activity that law enforcement shut down three weeks ago.Federal prosecutors in New York said Friday that the 144,336 bitcoins, a digital currency widely used on the defunct site, were discovered on computer hardware belonging to Ross William Ulbricht, known online as "Dread Pirate Roberts," who was arrested October 1 in San Francisco and charged with various conspiracy counts. They said it represented the largest ever bitcoin seizure.Ulbricht's lawyer could not immediately be reached on Friday evening, though he previously told reporters that Ulbricht denied the charges.Since it began operations in 2011, Silk Road provided an anonymous site where drug dealers, counterfeiters and other criminals could shop for everything from heroin to hit men, according to the Justice Department. More than 900,000 registered users of the site bought and sold drugs using bitcoins, according to authorities. The currency, which has been around since 2008, first came under scrutiny by law enforcement officials in mid-2011 after media reports surfaced linking bitcoins to Silk Road. With nearly 30,000 bitcoins previously seized, federal agents have now collected more than $33 million in bitcoins, based on current value, the U.S. Attorney's Office in Manhattan said.The seizures were carried out as part of a corresponding civil action against Silk Road and Ulbricht. Ulbricht, who is detained in California, is expected to appear within weeks in Manhattan federal court to face criminal charges of narcotics trafficking conspiracy, computer hacking conspiracy and money laundering conspiracy. Court documents allege that Silk Road saw some $1.2 billion in bitcoins change hands during more than two years of operation and charged between 8 and 15 percent in commissions.(Reporting by Joseph Ax; Editing by Lisa Shumaker)
77
Silk Road Teas Announces First Place Award - North American Tea Championship
Thu Jan 8, 2015 3:08pm EST
    Silk Road Teas Announces First Place Award -        North American Tea Championship         Silk Road Teas (SRT) (www.silkroadteas.com),        San Rafael, Ca., an importer of rare and artisan teas, announced its        Tieguanyin Oolong tea was awarded 1st Place at the North        American Tea Championship for the third consecutive year. The company’s        single-service sachet was awarded first place for the Packaged Single        Service Tea Class over a field of the U.S.’s leading tea brands. The        company will feature its Oolong tea and premium organic line at the San        Francisco Fancy Food Show (January 11-13, 2015, Booth # 4940).             “We believe that consumers want higher grade teas, to move beyond blends        and lower grades that dominate the market. Our teas are unadulterated        varietals that are organic, tasty and healthy,” said Ned Heagerty,        President of SRT. “Our line brings fresh, artisan teas from the farm to        the consumer.”             A panel of judges drawn from the U.S. tea industry rated SRT’s        Tieguanyin Oolong as “a tea with superior characteristics.” The judges        tasting comments included: “floral, nice balance, nice cup, and nice        green tea notes.” SRT’s Tieguanyin is one of 11 varieties offered in its        line of premium organic teas including 2 new teas and one tisane to be        introduced at the Fancy Food Show. New varieties include Genmaicha,        Imperial Keemun and Rooibos, each presented in a biodegradable,        pyramid-shaped sachet. Heagerty noted the sachet line offers higher        grades of leaf than is standard in the U.S. market and that the leaves        are only partially milled resulting in an unusually strong flavor and        depth of taste.             “Our line offers flavors that are unusual in the U.S. market. The result        is a remarkably good tasting cup of tea,” said Heagerty.             The tea box line is being packaged locally by adults with disabilities        through the company’s “hand in hand” program, an initiative to        create jobs in the community. Silk Road Teas’ “hand in hand”        program also donates a percentage of its sales to Ceres’ Community        Project (http://marin.ceresproject.org/),        a Marin County organization working to create a healthy community around        nourishing food for families struggling with the challenges of        life-threatening illness.             For further information, call Ned Heagerty, Silk Road Teas, 415 458        8624. Visit S.F. Fancy Food Show, Booth #4940.                Silk Road TeasNed Heagerty, 415-458-8624nedh@silkroadteas.com        
78
Workday competitor SilkRoad selects banks for IPO: sources
Mon Feb 25, 2013 7:31am EST
  Human resources software company SilkRoad has selected JPMorgan Chase & Co (JPM.N) and Piper Jaffray Cos (PJC.N) to lead an initial public offering later this year, according to two sources with knowledge of the matter.The Chicago-based company is hoping to piggy-back on the IPO of peer Workday Inc (WDAY.N), which raised $637 million in October. Shares of Workday, which priced its offering at $28 per share, have nearly doubled since then to close Friday at $55.25.JPMorgan declined to comment. SilkRoad and Piper Jaffray could not be reached for comment. SilkRoad, which also competes with Oracle Corp ORCL.O and SAP AG (SAPG.DE), hopes to be the latest in a slew of IPOs from cloud-based companies, which let customers access their data and computing power from remote servers.Last year, IPOs from cloud-based companies besides Workday included ServiceNow Inc (NOW.N), Demandware Inc (DWRE.N) and Guidewire Software Inc (GWRE.N). The market for business software is expected to reach $300 billion globally by the end of 2013, according to market research firm Gartner.Founded by serial entrepreneur Flip Filipowski in 2003, the company's investors include Azure Capital Partners, Tenaya Capital and Foundation Capital. The company, which is expected to hit a run rate of roughly $70 million this year according to the sources, helps companies manage employees and other resources.The U.S. market for technology IPOs so far this year has lagged. Only one company, online money transfer provider Xoom Corp (XOOM.O), has listed in 2013.(Reporting By Olivia Oran in New York; Editing by Gerald E. McCormick)
79
SilkRoad Announces Commitment to Microsoft Azure
Thu Oct 9, 2014 11:27am EDT
    SilkRoad Announces Commitment to Microsoft Azure   Standardization to Boost Innovation and Performance Across Ecosystems         SilkRoad, a leading global provider of cloud-based talent        management solutions, announced plans to standardize the SilkRoad        Life Suite on Microsoft Azure. To be released in the first half of 2015,        the integration will bring unique benefits to SilkRoad and Microsoft        customers.       Highlights of SilkRoad Life Suite Solution on        Azure    Price for performance – Azure will provide SilkRoad and its          Life Suite customers with outstanding performance, while delivering          state-of-the-art scalability and resilience.         Robust development environment – SilkRoad and its customers          will benefit from increases in innovation and productivity that are          made possible via the world-class Azure environment, including          round-the-clock support.         SilkRoad and Microsoft application integration – Customers will          benefit from a more complete enterprise solution that’s easy to deploy          and includes SilkRoad Life Suite, and Microsoft Dynamics, Office 365          and SharePoint applications.                “We are very pleased to be making this move to Microsoft Azure,” said        John Shackleton, President and CEO of SilkRoad. “This partnership will        provide unique benefits to SilkRoad and its customers, including        unparalleled product quality and significant boosts in productivity.”             “Microsoft is thrilled to have SilkRoad join the growing number of        businesses that are standardizing their solutions on Azure,” said Mike        Schutz, General Manager of Cloud Platform Marketing, Microsoft.        “SilkRoad will benefit from significant development productivity gains,        and customers will enjoy the easy integration options with Microsoft        solutions, knowing their cloud-based talent management solution is built        on a scalable and secure platform.”       Learn More            Visit Azure           Visit SilkRoad    About SilkRoad         SilkRoad is a leading global provider of cloud-based, end-to-end talent        management solutions that enable customers to find, attract, develop,        and retain the best talent. The award-winning SilkRoad Life Suite        includes Talent Acquisition, Talent Development, and HRMS solutions that        are delivered through a tablet-friendly Talent Portal. The suite is easy        to deploy and use – a single platform to rapidly boost employee        engagement and business performance. Visit www.silkroad.com,        follow on Twitter @SilkRoadTweets or call 866-329-3363 (U.S. toll free)        or +1-312-574-3700.                SilkRoadRyan Rivera, 312.300.4420Ryan.Rivera@silkroad.com        
80
Judge denies bail for alleged Silk Road founder Ulbricht
Thu Nov 21, 2013 6:48pm EST
  NEW YORK A federal judge on Thursday denied a petition to release alleged Silk Road founder Ross Ulbricht from jail before his trial, concluding that the bail proposal his defense team presented was not strong enough to dispel worries that the 29-year-old would try to flee or take violent action.Following the judge's ruling, disappointed sighs were heard from a few members of Ulbricht's family who attended the hearing. "Oh God," said Ulbricht's mother, Lyn LaCava Ulbricht.Ulbricht's lawyer had proposed a bail package worth $1 million that restricted Ulbricht's movements and cut off his access to the internet. But a Manhattan federal prosecutor argued there was reason to believe Ulbricht would try to leave the country if released, and that his alleged participation in six murder-for-hire plots rendered him too dangerous to remain outside of jail.Ulbricht was arrested in San Francisco on October 1 and charged in federal court in Manhattan with counts relating to drug trafficking, money laundering and computer hacking, all stemming from his alleged involvement in the anonymous internet marketplace Silk Road, which sold drugs and criminal services in exchange for the digital currency Bitcoin. After Ulbricht's arrest, the government shut down the website.Ulbricht is also facing charges in federal court in Maryland relating to a murder-for-hire plot.At Thursday's hearing, Assistant U.S. Attorney Serrin Turner told Magistrate Judge Kevin Fox that Ulbricht had tried to have a total of six people killed, transacting with at least two hit men, one of whom was an undercover agent. Turner also said federal agents analyzing a laptop seized from Ulbricht at the time of his arrest had found a diary he kept detailing his creation of Silk Road. "The evidence in the government's view is absolutely overwhelming against the defendant," Turner said.During the bail hearing, Turner and Ulbricht's lawyer Joshua Dratel, sparred over the meaning of some of Ulbricht's recent behavior, including an effort he made in 2012 to become a citizen of the sparsely populated Caribbean island of Dominica and his attitude during an interview in July with agents from the Department of Homeland Security.Turner also said Ulbricht had found "a cabin off the grid" where he grew psychedelic mushrooms when he was first starting Silk Road, "so he would have something to sell."Dratel countered that the government's accusations were not yet proven, and that Ulbricht had a strong network of supportive friends and family members willing to take care of him and attest to his good character. He said the government had not offered any evidence that Ulbricht had committed violence or sold drugs himself. "Everything the government claims against him is indirect," Dratel said.Regarding claims of support for Ulbricht from family and friends, Turner said those people only knew Ulbricht's offline persona, not the side of him that was Silk Road's mastermind."They do not know the other half of Mr. Ulbricht," he said. In the end, Fox said he was not convinced Ulbricht would behave himself "given the powerful evidence presented" by the government."I am not convinced that there are conditions that could be fashioned to secure his presence in court," Fox said.After the hearing, Ulbricht's mother, Lyn, said "He deserved bail," adding the decision was "so unfair."The case is U.S. v. Ulbricht, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 13-mj-2328.(This story has been corrected to change name of presiding magistrate judge to Kevin Fox, not Ronald Ellis, in 6th, 14th and 15th paragraphs)(Editing by Bob Burgdorfer)
81
“SilkRoad Cares” to Kick Off at HR Tech Conference
Thu Sep 18, 2014 10:13am EDT
    “SilkRoad Cares” to Kick Off at HR Tech Conference   Offers Attendees a Forum to Highlight Favorite Charities and Win        $1,000 Donation         SilkRoad, a leading global provider of cloud-based talent        management solutions, is set to launch its “SilkRoad Cares”        initiative at this year’s HR Tech Conference & Exposition. The program        begins with “We Care,” and provides HR Tech attendees who stop by        SilkRoad’s Booth (1603) the opportunity to shine a light on their        charity of choice.             Click here        to tweet this release.             “We are pleased to contribute to a charity our customers and HR Tech        attendees care about,” said John Shackleton, President and CEO of        SilkRoad. “SilkRoad truly cares about its customers and their employees.        We want to express this by supporting the causes they care most about.”       How to Participate            Stop by booth 1603 at HR Tech Conference                 Nominate your charity and why it means so much to you           Have your picture taken as you nominate           Tweet your picture to #hrtechconf and mention @SilkRoadtweets          for an extra entry!                 Entries close at 5PM Thursday, October 9.                 The winning charity will be announced on SilkRoad’s Twitter,          Facebook,          LinkedIn          pages!                Stop by SilkRoad’s booth to enter your charity and receive your “We        Care” kit. Attend a demo of the Life Suite, which includes:       Talent Acquisition    SilkRoad Recruiting – Applicant tracking system that offers the          latest features to find, attract, screen and hire top talent.         SilkRoad Onboarding – Helps drive engagement during every phase          of the employee lifecycle.          Talent Development    SilkRoad Performance – Flexible performance management, goal          planning, reviews and 360-feedback features, all in an easy-to-use          Interface.         SilkRoad Learning – Centrally manages, tracks and reports on          all learning activities, including, online, classroom, on-the-job,          collaboration, and mobile learning.          Talent Administration    SilkRoad HRMS – Provides organizations a single system of          record for managing employee, job and organizational data.         SilkRoad Talent Apps – Easy integration with best-in-class HR          solution providers, including a friendly marketplace.                For more information on the Life Suite, visit: www.silkroad.com.       About SilkRoad         SilkRoad is a leading global provider of cloud-based, end-to-end talent        management solutions that enable customers to find, attract, develop,        and retain the best talent. The award-winning SilkRoad Life Suite        includes Talent Acquisition, Talent Development, and HRMS solutions that        are delivered through a tablet-friendly Talent Portal. The suite is easy        to deploy and use – a single platform to rapidly boost employee        engagement and business performance. Visit www.silkroad.com,        follow on Twitter @SilkRoadTweets        or call 866-329-3363 (U.S. toll free) or +1-312-574-3700.                SilkRoadRyan Rivera, (312) 300-4420Ryan.Rivera@silkroad.com        
82
SilkRoad Announces Update of Life Suite HR Platform with Talent Portal
Thu Sep 4, 2014 10:49am EDT
    SilkRoad Announces Update of Life Suite HR Platform with Talent Portal   Release Offers New Module Integrations and other Enhancements         SilkRoad, a leading global provider of cloud-based talent        management solutions, announced the update of SilkRoad’s new Life        Suite platform. The release introduces Life Suite Login - a unified        login to the Life Suite - and Life Suite Module Integration via Talent        Portal, among several other key features.       Click        here to tweet this release.             Today, the SilkRoad Life Suite includes recently rebranded modules that        are delivered through a tablet-friendly Talent Portal.       Talent Acquisition            SilkRoad Recruiting (OpenHire) – Applicant tracking system that offers          the latest features to find, attract, screen and hire top talent.                 SilkRoad Onboarding (RedCarpet) – Helps drive engagement during every          phase of the employee lifecycle.          Talent Development            SilkRoad Performance (WingSpan) – Flexible performance management,          goal planning, reviews and 360-feedback features, all in an          easy-to-use Interface.                 SilkRoad Learning (GreenLight) – Centrally manages, tracks and reports          on all learning activities, including, online, classroom, on-the-job,          collaboration, and mobile learning.          Talent Administration            SilkRoad HRMS – Provides organizations a single system of record for          managing employee, job and organizational data.                 SilkRoad Talent Apps – Integration with best-in-class HR solution          providers, including an app marketplace.                Highlights of the integrated release make it easier to deploy and use        the Life Suite. Through use of the Talent Portal, customers have a        powerful one-stop-shop for all their HR tools, even if they aren’t from        SilkRoad.       Life Suite Platform Highlights    Central Login – When enabled, users can use their Life Suite          Login credentials to access Life Suite modules, without          re-authenticating.         Central Access – Manage talent needs from a single location.          Talent Portal knows which SilkRoad module(s) to enable and display to          employees, based on security preferences.         Central Administration – The administration panel provides          management access to the SilkRoad modules.         Central Task List – The Talent Portal task list allows users to          see the tasks they need to complete across their enabled SilkRoad          modules. The user can click to the task they need to complete right          from the list.          Supporting Quote         “This iteration of the Life Suite Platform once again shows that        SilkRoad has the most complete and truly integrated, end-to-end talent        management system of its kind,” said John Shackleton, President and CEO        of SilkRoad. “We are delivering the easiest and most unified experience        for our customers and their employees.”       Supporting Resources    Download          the SilkRoad Talent Portal brochure.         Visit          the Talent Portal web site.          About SilkRoad         SilkRoad is a leading global provider of cloud-based, end-to-end talent        management solutions that enable customers to find, attract, develop,        and retain the best talent. The award-winning SilkRoad Life Suite        includes Talent Acquisition, Talent Development, and HRMS solutions that        are delivered through a tablet-friendly Talent Portal. The suite is easy        to deploy and use – a single platform to rapidly boost employee        engagement and business performance. Visit www.silkroad.com,        follow on Twitter @SilkRoadTweets        or call 866-329-3363 (U.S. toll free) or +1-312-574-3700.                SilkRoadRyan Rivera, 312.300.4420Ryan.Rivera@silkroad.com        
83
Uprising finally hits Syria's "Silk Road" city
Fri Feb 3, 2012 10:22am EST
  AMMAN Since protests against Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's government erupted 11 months ago, the ancient Silk Road city of Aleppo, with its leafy streets and faded, old-world hotels, has been spared serious violence.No longer.The uprising spread again to Syria's main commercial hub on Friday as one person was killed in fighting near Aleppo and demonstrations erupted within the key metropolis that had until recently remained largely on the sidelines.Overnight shelling of the town of Anadan, a few km (miles) from Aleppo, killed one man and wounded five others after insurgents and army defectors attacked roadblocks manned by loyalist troops. Rebels in Tel Rifaat, another town to the north, blocked the main highway to Turkey.Residents in several neighborhoods inside Aleppo reported hearing gunfire. Assad loyalist militiamen, known as 'shabbiha', fired at random overnight in the Hananu neighborhood as the refrain "God is great" echoed from houses in defiance of security forces who deployed in the area after growing pro-democracy demonstrations this week.Syrian state media did not comment on the Aleppo unrest, which may be another sign that the revolt against 42 years of Assad family rule is spreading to Syria's main city centers. The activists' reports are difficult to verify as foreign media access is restricted."Protests are now regular in Aleppo outside the walls of the old city," a woman teacher who works at a private school said."There is no petrol or heating oil and the discontent is spreading. Previously we would hear of scattered protests only in the university and in poor districts but now middle class areas are moving." Najdat, another activist, said "relative constraint" exercised by Assad's forces since the start of the uprising so as not to enrage Aleppo's inhabitants appears to be fading."Previously they would arrest people and let them go after a couple of days. As the demonstrations slowly gathered pace, beatings became more common. Now they are using live ammunition," he said.CALM SHATTEREDAleppo, Syria's second city situated near the border with Turkey, has stayed mostly on the sidelines in the uprising. The once cosmopolitan hub, famous as the culinary capital of the Middle East, played an important role in world economic history, intermediating commercially between East and West and supplying goods to Europe.Its importance waned with the Ottoman invasion in the 16th century, plunging it into a spiral of decline when Assad's Baath Party took power in a 1963 coup, nationalized the economy and drove the established merchant families and most of its vibrant Armenian and Christian trading community outside the country.The city's economy had improved in the last several years as Assad signed trade agreements with Turkey, helping to placate its mostly conservative population.But commercial activity plummeted when tensions rose with Turkey as it became increasingly critical of Assad's crackdown. Economic agreements between the two sides effectively have been frozen, damaging Aleppo's emerging business class. Months of relative calm in Aleppo were shattered when shabbiha militiamen killed at least 10 people after pro-democracy demonstrations erupted last week in the city which, together with adjoining towns, has a population of several million people, activists said.The killings, the deadliest in the city during the 11-month uprising, happened in the tribal Marjeh neighborhood after security forces fired at a rally demanding Assad's removal, they said.Some activists said those killed were all demonstrators while others said most were killed in clashes that followed the shooting on the protest.Assad's father, the late President Hafez al-Assad, had used a carrot-and-stick approach to placate Sunni merchants, who have has seen their status undermined by the rise of a young group of businessmen related to, or connected with, Bashar since he inherited power in 2000Bashar strived to prevent upheaval in the city. He spent a week in Aleppo shortly before the uprising erupted in March, replaced the municipal council and was shown frequently on state media with Ahmad Hassoun, the state-appointed Mufti, whom authorities consider to be the highest Muslim religious authority.Hassoun is from Aleppo. His son was assassinated three months ago, with the authorities blaming "terrorists" for the killing. Other government-appointed clerics and the city's influential Sunni Muslim merchant class have maintained ties with Assad, who is from Syria's minority Alawite sect, an offshoot of Shi'ite Islam."The difference between Aleppo and the rest of Syria is that Hassoun and the other clerics have remained quiet, and that the shabbiha the regime has recruited are actually Sunnis from the city, not Alawites," one businessman in the city said.(Editing by Michael Roddy)
84
SilkRoad’s GreenLight® Learning Management System Now Includes KnowledgeAdvisors’ Metrics that Matter® Starter Edition
Tue Mar 4, 2014 12:24pm EST
    SilkRoad’s GreenLight® Learning Management System Now Includes        KnowledgeAdvisors’ Metrics that Matter® Starter Edition   Bundled offering to help companies measure and improve the        performance of learning programs         KnowledgeAdvisors today announced that learning industry leader SilkRoad        will be bundling the Metrics that Matter® Starter Edition into their        GreenLight learning management system (LMS).             The Metrics that Matter® Starter Edition is a simple, affordable system        designed to evaluate the effectiveness of learning programs.             “Customers who utilize the SilkRoad and Knowledge Advisors products        together will now be able to manage the performance of instructors,        improve course content, trend the job impact of courses over time, and        compare performance to other organizations in the industry who are        delivering similar types of training,” said KnowledgeAdvisors CEO and        Founder Kent Barnett.             Metrics that Matter® Starter Edition will also bring GreenLight        customers the important context of benchmarks, allowing them to collect,        store, process, and report crucial learning data—serving as a crucial        quality control mechanism for learning programs.             In addition, the integration of Metrics that Matter® Starter Edition and        GreenLight will allow companies to get rid of their paper evaluations        and generic online survey tools and move up to a sophisticated learning        evaluation tool used by the most successful training organizations in        the world.             “With powerful, built-in benchmark data, SilkRoad customers will now be        able to compare their talent investments to comparative data points in a        visual and actionable manner,” said SilkRoad CEO John Shackleton.             Clients who use both SilkRoad and the full capabilities of Metrics that        Matter® have already seen positive results through integration.             “Uncovering the ROI in our training programs has been instrumental in        their overall success. Through the GreenLight and Metrics that Matter        integration, we’re able to measure and track ROI on any given course to        determine what updates should be made or even whether a course should be        eliminated based on its impact on business results,” said Toni Thompson,        Director of Employee and Organizational Development at SwedishAmerican.       About KnowledgeAdvisors         Founded in 1999, KnowledgeAdvisors is the world’s leading provider of        analytics solutions for talent development professionals. Our        cloud-based talent analytics platform, Metrics that Matter®, helps        businesses significantly improve the business impact of their talent        development programs, and our consulting team provides measurement        strategies to help optimize investments in human capital. For more about        KnowledgeAdvisors, visit: http://www.knowledgeadvisors.com.       About SilkRoad         SilkRoad® is a leading global provider of cloud-based, end-to-end talent        management solutions that enable customers to find, attract, develop,        and retain the best talent. The award-winning SilkRoad® Life Suite®        includes Talent Acquisition, Talent Development, and HRMS solutions that        are delivered through a Talent Portal to drive greater engagement,        collaboration, and user adoption. The suite is easy to deploy, easy to        use, and affordable for businesses of every size. Visit www.silkroad.com,        follow them on Twitter @SilkRoadTweets or call 866-329-3363 (U.S. toll        free) or +1-312-574-3700.                KnowledgeAdvisorsRichard SharpSenior Director of Marketing312.498.1287rsharp@knowledgeadvisors.com      
85
SilkRoad and Maxwell Health Announce New Partnership
Tue Aug 5, 2014 10:20am EDT
    SilkRoad and Maxwell Health Announce New Partnership   Delivers Employee Benefits System Integrated with HRMS.         SilkRoad, a leading global provider of cloud-based talent        management solutions, today announced a new partnership with Maxwell        Health, bringing a fully paperless operating system for employee        benefits that streamlines online enrollment in all types of benefits and        leverages data from integrated services for better, more informed health        solutions.       Click        here to tweet this release.       Key Facts   Integration with SilkRoad:            SilkRoad remains system of record for employer/employee information                 Maxwell Health is system of record for benefits and benefits          administration          Maxwell Health provides the following for SilkRoad HRMS customers:            Complex Rate Structures                 Flexible Plan Design                 Rules-based System                 Flexible Contribution Strategies Support                 Paperless Online Benefits Enrollment                 Turnkey, Mobile-Enabled Wellness Program that incentivizes healthy          behavior                 Health Engagement Platform integrated with best-in-class wellness          products and services          Supporting Quotes            “SilkRoad is committed to delivering the most comprehensive and          easy-to-use products to all of our customers,” said John Shackleton,          President and CEO of SilkRoad. “By partnering with Maxwell Health,          SilkRoad is able to deliver a more complete and integrated experience.”                 “As one of the most innovative HRMSs in the industry, SilkRoad is a          natural fit for our product and vision,” said Veer Gidwaney, CEO and          Co-Founder of Maxwell Health. “We’re very excited to work with          SilkRoad to provide a seamless benefits enrollment and engagement          experience for their users.”          Supporting Resources    About          Maxwell Health   About          SilkRoad’s HRMS   Attend          a Maxwell Health + SilkRoad Webinar    About SilkRoad         SilkRoad is a leading global provider of cloud-based, end-to-end talent        management solutions that enable customers to find, attract, develop,        and retain the best talent. The award-winning SilkRoad Life Suite        includes Talent Acquisition, Talent Development, and HRMS solutions that        are delivered through a tablet-friendly Talent Portal. The suite is easy        to deploy and use – a single platform to rapidly boost employee        engagement and business performance. Visit www.silkroad.com,        follow on Twitter @SilkRoadTweets        or call 866-329-3363 (U.S. toll free) or +1-312-574-3700.       About Maxwell Health         Maxwell Health, a fast-growing industry leader in health IT, is the        first Health as a Service platform. This revolutionary operating system        for employee benefits engages employees, incentivizes a holistic view of        health, and provides a centralized place to access health and benefits        services. Maxwell’s web portal and mobile app enhances the benefits        experience by leveraging data from integrated services, meaning better,        more informed health solutions. Market leaders, including benefits        brokers, TPAs, insurance carriers, PEOs and other vendors, license        Maxwell’s technology to use with their employer clients.             131 Tremont Street Floor 3Boston, MA 02111@maxwellhelathpress@maxwellhealth.com            SilkRoadRyan Rivera, 312.300.4420Ryan.Rivera@silkroad.com        
86
Employee Referrals Are Top Source of Hire in a New Report From SilkRoad
Thu Apr 9, 2015 11:08am EDT
    Employee Referrals Are Top Source of Hire in a New Report From SilkRoad    Engaging Employees to Attract Talent Is Key Talent Acquisition Strategy CHICAGO, IL--(Marketwired - April 09, 2015) - SilkRoad, a leading global provider of cloud-based talent management solutions, released the 2015 edition of their annual Top Sources of Hire report. Developed from millions of data points collected through the SilkRoad Recruiting Applicant Tracking System (ATS), SilkRoad's Top Sources of Hire 2015 offers the definitive view of talent acquisition strategy effectiveness. While employee referrals produced the top number of hires, the report reveals a much richer story about how companies attract top talent. Areas such as job boards and search engines, career websites, employer branding, mobile recruiting, and social media are explored in-depth to provide a clear picture of the talent acquisition landscape. The report also includes a top 10 recommendations list to help recruiters refine their talent acquisition processes. A webinar on April 23, 2PM EDT will take a deep dive into the results and offer key takeaways to help attendees optimize their recruiting strategies.Click here for more details and to register for the webinar.  "SilkRoad's Top Sources of Hire provides an unbiased look at the channels feeding the talent pipeline," said John Shackleton, President and CEO of SilkRoad. "By knowing which candidate sources produce the most interviews and hires, organizations are better able to allocate resources to the areas that yield the best results."Click here to tweet this release. Report Highlights:Internal vs. External Sources of Hire: Internal sources charge the process with 61%.Online vs. Offline Sources of Hire: Online sources power 78% of hires.Indeed sparked talent acquisition by producing 148,263 interviews, the top external source.The top three internal sources of interviews: 1) Employee Referral, 2) Career Sites, 3) Current Employees (Internal Hires). See the infographic for more highlights.Relevant LinksDownload SilkRoad's Top Sources of Hire.Register for the April 23 webinar.See the Infographic.Access 7 "Best of" Recruiting resources. About SilkRoadSilkRoad is a leading global provider of cloud-based, end-to-end talent management solutions that enable customers to find, attract, develop, and retain the best talent. The award-winning SilkRoad Life Suite includes Talent Acquisition, Talent Development, and HRMS solutions that are delivered through a tablet-friendly Talent Portal. The suite is easy to deploy and use - a single platform to rapidly boost employee engagement and business performance. Visit www.silkroad.com, follow on Twitter @SilkRoadTweets or call 866-329-3363 (U.S. toll free) or +1-312-574-3700. Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2015/4/9/11G037964/Images/Top-Sources-of-Hire-Infographic-2015-418838574507.jpg  Contact: Ryan Rivera ryan.rivera@silkroad.com 312.300.4420    
87
World Chef: Silk Road travels inspire LA's Hinoki & the Bird
Tue Jul 16, 2013 4:18am EDT
  LOS ANGELES The exotic, earthy aroma from smoking sheets of smoldering hinoki wood hovering over exquisite black cod is the first hint that diners at celebrated chef David Myers' newest restaurant are in for a culinary adventure.Hinoki & the Bird, the Japanophile chef's Silk Road-inspired restaurant, borrows heavily from the travels of Myers and Executive Chef Kuniko Yagi, who left banking a decade ago and worked her way up from the kitchen's lowest rungs to her current, globe-trotting career.The sleekly casual eatery, located near some of Los Angeles' top talent agencies, is a departure from Sona, Myers' elegant, Michelin one-star restaurant that opened in 2002 - a year before Food & Wine magazine bestowed on him a prestigious "Best New Chef" award.After Sona closed in 2010, Myers and his executive chef hit the road - eating, tweeting and picking up inspiration throughout Asia.Their journeys inform dishes such as spicy sambal skate wing, drunken duck breast and hinoki-scented black cod, the head-turning dish referenced earlier.The telegenic duo, who are familiar to fans of foodie shows such as "Top Chef" and "Iron Chef America," spoke with Reuters about how travel informed their careers and their latest project.Q: David, what was the inspiration for Hinoki & the Bird's name?A: Hinoki is an incredible cypress tree in Japan that has the most wonderful aroma. The bird component was to capture the essence of travel and how important travel is to the creative process. It's about the connection from California to Japan. We chronicle the bird's travel and bring it into the menu.Q: David, what is your vision for Hinoki & the Bird? A: I think California is the gateway to Asia. The idea is to showcase the California bounty and the scent of the Silk Road. The flavors are light, vibrant and healthy. You can come in and eat several different things and you're not feeling heavy. You're feeling sharp and you're ready to go the next day. I've only felt that in Asia - where you can eat a lot and drink a lot and feel great. The food of Southeast Asia is nothing but drinking food - it's about going around having beers and going to the next place.Q: David, which dish on Hinoki & the Bird's menu best illustrates how your travels through Southeast Asia have influenced your food?A: The sambal skate wing. That's our version of a barbecue skate wing from a hawker's stand in Singapore. That's the classic hawker stand dish.Q: Kuniko, what inspired you to leave banking and become a chef?A: I wanted to make sure I could have a job anywhere in the world. I thought, maybe if I can cook really well I can go anywhere in the world and be able to have a job. (In the beginning) I wasn't able to speak English much - but I thought I could mimic what people in the kitchen do. Q: Kuniko, what advice would you give someone who makes a similar career leap?A: Be humble about who you want to be. Nothing good happens in a year. I've been doing this for 10 years already. I started late. I was patient, and I had a couple of times where I wondered if I made the right choice.Drunken Duck Breast1/2 cup sake kasu (sake lees, a yeast by-product of sake making)1 cup warm water 2 duck breastsSalt & black pepper to tastePre-heat oven to 400 degrees.In a small pot, place sake kasu and warm water and whisk over low heat until broken down to a loose texture. Remove from heat and let cool.Score duck skin in a cross-hatch pattern and season with salt and pepper on both sides.Cover the breasts with the sake kasu and cover with plastic wrap. Let it rest in the refrigerator for one hour.Wash sake kasu off from duck breast and place the duck skin side down in a sauté pan over low heat, being careful not to burn. Render the skin from the breast, discarding the fat as you go.When the skin has a golden brown color, place the breast in the oven for 7 minutes, skin side up, for medium rare.(Reporting by Lisa Baertlein; Editing by Steve Orlofsky)
88
88
89
U.S. authorities probe bitcoin exchanges over illegal transactions: WSJ
Mon May 19, 2014 9:04pm EDT
  Several bitcoin exchanges including the now-defunct Mt. Gox received subpoenas from Manhattan federal prosecutors this winter as they look into possible ties between the exchanges and the online drug market Silk Road, the Wall Street Journal reported on Monday, citing people familiar with the matter.The subpoenas to Mt. Gox demanded customer-transaction logs and materials related to solicitation of investors. The report did not mention any other bitcoin businesses that received subpoenas.Mt. Gox's lawyers advised Chief Executive Officer Mark Karpeles against going to the United States after he was summoned by a judge there to testify for a class-action lawsuit, because they were concerned he would be arrested in connection with this case.The prosecutors and Federal Bureau of Investigation agents are examining whether the exchange and others like it may have processed transactions connected to Silk Road, the people said. The investigation was at an early stage and there were no conclusions yet on whether the exchanges were connected with Silk Road, one of the people familiar with the matter told the paper. Last month, prominent bitcoin entrepreneur Charlie Shrem was indicted by a federal grand jury in New York on charges of funneling cash to Silk Road.Shrem, one of the digital currency's most visible promoters, is accused of conspiring with a Florida man, Robert Faiella, to sell more than $1 million in bitcoin to the users of Silk Road despite knowing that it would be spent on illegal activities including drug trafficking. It was preceded by the arrest of alleged Silk Road founder Ross Ulbricht in San Francisco last year when he was charged in federal court in Manhattan with counts relating to drug trafficking, money laundering and computer hacking, all stemming from his alleged involvement in the illicit online marketplace, which sold drugs and criminal services in exchange for bitcoin. After Ulbricht's arrest, the government shut down the website.(Reporting by Mridhula Raghavan in Bangalore and Sophie Knight in Tokyo; Editing by Ken Wills)
90
U.S. charges three connected with Silk Road marketplace
Fri Dec 20, 2013 12:46pm EST
  NEW YORK Dec 20 Three men were indicted in the United States on Friday in connection with Silk Road, the anonymous Internet black-market bazaar for illegal drugs like heroin and cocaine.The indictment, unsealed in New York, charges Andrew Jones, Gary Davis and Peter Nash with conspiracy to engage in narcotics trafficking, computer hacking and money laundering. The charges followed the arrest in October of alleged Silk Road founder Ross Ulbricht, who is known online as "Dread Pirate Roberts." U.S. authorities shut Silk Road down at the time of Ulbricht's, though last month a new anonymous marketplace carrying the same name and appearance debuted online. Jones, 24, and Davis, 25, acted as site administrators for Silk Road, while Nash, 40, was the primary moderator for the website's discussion forums, the indictment said.   (Reporting by Nate Raymond in New York)
91
SilkRoad Announces Indeed Apply Integration
Thu Apr 24, 2014 12:41pm EDT
    SilkRoad Announces Indeed Apply Integration   Partnership drives 87K applicants in first two weeks of release         SilkRoad, a leading global provider of cloud-based talent        management solutions, today announced the recent rollout of Indeed        Apply to customers of SilkRoad OpenHire® applicant        tracking system(ATS). This new integration allows job seekers to        easily apply from all mobile devices without sacrificing the data        SilkRoad OpenHire customers require.             Click here        to tweet this release.             Applicants have been keen to use the new technology. Since its initial        rollout just 13 days ago, SilkRoad OpenHire® with Indeed Apply has        facilitated 87,000 candidate submittals from Indeed mobile, effectively        doubling the number of applicants OpenHire clients receive from Indeed.             “The impact Indeed Apply will have for our customers is significant,”        said SilkRoad’s Amber Hyatt, Senior Product Manager, OpenHire. “Allowing        applicants the ability to apply through mobile devices is key to        attracting top talent, particularly those in the growing millennial        workforce. This integration lets applicants easily apply while still        collecting job specific prescreening questions. These job specific        questions set employers up for success by creating consistency to review        candidates against the job’s minimum qualifications, regardless of the        candidate’s device.”             This release accompanies the recent announcement        of Indeed.com as the top job site and external source for interviews and        hires in SilkRoad’s annual report, Top        Sources of Hire: The Definitive Guide to the Most Effective Recruiting        Sources.             “For the third year in a row, Indeed was found as the top external        source of hire for SilkRoad customers,” added Hyatt. “We are excited to        grow our partnership to further provide value for our customers.”             Indeed Apply also adds to the existing Indeed.com integrations,        including:                Free job distribution to Indeed.com, and                 Automatic source tracking.                For more information on SilkRoad OpenHire® ATS, please visit http://bit.ly/1pLa77T.       About SilkRoad         SilkRoad® is a leading global provider of cloud-based, end-to-end talent        management solutions that enable customers to find, attract, develop,        and retain the best talent. The award-winning SilkRoad® Life Suite®        includes Talent Acquisition, Talent Development, and HRMS solutions that        are delivered through a Talent Portal to drive greater engagement,        collaboration, and user adoption. The suite is easy to deploy, easy to        use, and affordable for businesses of every size. Visit www.silkroad.com,        follow them on Twitter        @SilkRoadTweets or call 866-329-3363 (U.S. toll free) or        +1-312-574-3700.                SilkRoadRyan Rivera, (312) 300-4420Ryan.Rivera@silkroad.com        
92
SilkRoad Identifies Best Sources of Hire in Exclusive New Report
Tue Mar 25, 2014 9:51am EDT
    SilkRoad Identifies Best Sources of Hire in Exclusive New Report   For 1,400 employers and 150,000 hires Employee Referrals and Online        Sources Top the List         Research from SilkRoad, a leading global provider of cloud-based talent        management solutions, reveals that employee referrals generated the        most hires overall. Available March 27, SilkRoad’s 2014 “Top        Sources of Hire: The Definitive Report on the Most Effective Recruiting        Sources” mined its vast employee recruiting database to reveal        the most successful sources for generating candidate interviews and        hires. While online sources, led by Indeed.com, provide increasingly        high volumes of applications, employee referrals continue to result in        the highest source of hire. Register        for a live web presentation of the report findings, taking place March        27, 1PM CDT.             Click here        to tweet this report.             “Too many organizations are casting a wide net, placing expensive job        ads, and hoping they’ll attract the best talent,” said John Shackleton,        President and Chief Executive Officer, SilkRoad. “With sound data, HR        teams can focus their valuable recruitment resources toward the best        sources of hire.”       Findings & Trends    Internal sources deliver the most hires: Employee referrals          continue to produce the most hires overall (59 percent), up from 58          percent in 2012.         Internal and External sources evenly split (50-50) as sources of          interviews: In 2013, External sources accounted for 50 percent of          interviews, 6 percent less than in 2012.         Online sources are crucial: Online sources (both internal and          external) generated the highest number of applicant’s year over          year, the source of 58% of all interviews. The top online sources are          Indeed.com and company websites.         Job site performance: Indeed.com (39 percent) was the top job          board, producing 26 percent more applicants than the runner-up,          CareerBuilder (13 percent), as well as 32 percent of hires (14 percent          higher than the next two runners up combined).                The 2014 “Top Sources of Hire: The Definitive Report on the Most        Effective Recruiting Sources” report findings are based on data        within SilkRoad Life Suite’s OpenHire® applicant        tracking system (ATS) and represents 1,140 companies. The        participating companies ranged in size from as few as 100 employees to        mid-market and large employers. For all of 2014, the data included        almost 10 million applicants, over 150,000 interviews, and in excess of        150,000 hires. Examples of external sources include specific job search        engines, branded and unspecified job boards, print advertising, TV/Radio        advertising, job fairs, campus recruiting and agencies. Examples of        internal sources include recruiter sourced (employer sourcing), company        career sites (employer websites), employee referrals, current employees        and inside hires.       About SilkRoad         SilkRoad® is a leading global provider of cloud-based, end-to-end talent        management solutions that enable customers to find, attract, develop,        and retain the best talent. The award-winning SilkRoad® Life Suite®        includes Talent Acquisition, Talent Development, and HRMS solutions that        are delivered through a Talent Portal to drive greater engagement,        collaboration, and user adoption. The suite is easy to deploy, easy to        use, and affordable for businesses of every size. Visit www.silkroad.com,        follow them on Twitter @SilkRoadTweets        or call 866-329-3363 (U.S. toll free) or +1-312-574-3700.         Photos/Multimedia Gallery Available: http://www.businesswire.com/multimedia/home/20140325006025/en/        SilkRoadRyan Rivera, (312) 300-4420Ryan.Rivera@silkroad.com        
93
SilkRoad technology, inc. Completes $54 Million Round Of Equity Financing
Thu May 15, 2008 8:00am EDT
  Foundation Capital Leads Investment                         Mike Cullinane Named CFO WINSTON-SALEM, N.C.--(Business Wire)-- SilkRoad technology, inc., the creator of the popular Life SuiteTM of web-based talent management solutions, announced today that it has closed on a $54 million equity round of capital led by new investor Foundation Capital, and including existing investors Azure Capital Partners, SilkRoad Equity and several individuals. Plans for the current round of capital include a significant expansion of SilkRoad technology's worldwide direct sales and marketing efforts, strategic acquisitions and new product development. In a related announcement, Mike Cullinane has been named Chief Financial Officer of the company.     "The software as a service space, and especially the talent management segment of it, is one of the greatest opportunities for value creation that I have ever personally observed in the software industry," said Andrew J. "Flip" Filipowski, Chairman and CEO at SilkRoad technology. "As we pursue our mission, I could not hope for a better management team nor a better investor group to help us achieve our goals. Adding Mike Cullinane as our CFO, and having both Warren Weiss and Cameron Lester join our board, makes it almost unfair to our competition. We now have the products, the team and the financial resources we need to succeed."     Warren Weiss, General Partner at Foundation Capital, who joined the board of directors of SilkRoad technology in conjunction with the funding, said, "Flip and the team at SilkRoad technology have built an incredibly compelling business that is perfectly positioned to capitalize on the converging growth curves of talent management and the software as a service model. SilkRoad's track record of success in serving enterprises of all sizes and in industries as diverse as banking, healthcare, technology, entertainment, and manufacturing made this investment both an easy decision and a truly exciting opportunity for Foundation Capital and the other investors in the round."     Mike Cullinane has joined SilkRoad technology, inc. as Chief Financial Officer and a member of the company's board of directors. Cullinane was previously CFO of Lakeview Technology, Inc. Earlier in his career, he worked closely with Filipowski as CFO of Platinum Technology.     "It is an honor to be associated with such a wonderful team that has accomplished so much in a few short years," said Cullinane. "I look forward to working with the company as it moves to its next levels."     "We are excited to have Foundation Capital join us as investors in the company," said Cameron Lester, a General Partner with existing investor Azure Capital Partners, which also participated in this round of funding. "SilkRoad has the large market opportunity, the world-class leadership team, the best-in-class products and the long-term vision to become a very large company."     About SilkRoad technology, inc.     SilkRoad technology, inc. provides software as a service (SaaS) solutions that significantly improve the talent within its more than 700 customers across the globe. Through SilkRoad's Life Suite, an integrated talent management solution, companies are able to hire better employees, identify high and low performers, drive a pay-for-performance culture and improve employee tenure. The SilkRoad Life SuiteTM solution set includes OpenHire(TM), for recruiting management, RedCarpet(TM) for employee onboarding and life events, WingSpan(TM) for flexible employee performance management, GreenLight(TM) for compensation management, and Eprise(TM) for employee intranets and content management. SilkRoad technology is headquartered in Winston-Salem, NC with offices in Bedford, MA; Chicago, IL; West Long Branch, NJ; and Hamburg, Germany. More information is available at www.silkroad.com or by phone: U.S. toll free at 866-329-3363, or internationally at +1-336-201-5100.     About Foundation Capital     Founded in 1995, Foundation Capital is a venture capital firm committed to supporting entrepreneurs and their companies, targeting innovative opportunities in cleantech, consumer Internet and infrastructure; telecommunications and networking; and enterprise software and on demand services. Foundation Capital funds total more than $2.4 billion. For more information, visit www.foundationcapital.com.     About Azure Capital Partners     Azure Capital Partners is a venture capital firm with over $650 million under management, headquartered in San Francisco, California. Its goal is to identify, invest in and help build earlier stage information technology companies that are at the forefront of a transformative opportunity for growth - companies like TopTier Software, VMware, WorldWide Packets and Bill Me Later. Its partners have a long track record of identifying and helping to build some of the most successful companies in communications, software and related technology segments. The Azure team is recognized for industry thought leadership and a unique professional investment approach to venture investing. Its proven methodology and primary research enable it to identify young companies in attractive markets whose business models provide sustainable competitive advantage. For more information, visit www.azurecap.com.     About SilkRoad Equity     SilkRoad Equity is a private investment firm founded by Andrew J. "Flip" Filipowski and Matthew Roszak. SilkRoad Equity targets investments in the areas of technology, life sciences, media and entertainment and real estate, and is comprised of a portfolio of companies that includes: Cryo-Cell International, House of Blues, InterAct911, Mastro Auctions, MissionMode Solutions, onramp Branding, Pendulab, Primo Water, Rakote, SilkRoad technology, SolidSpace, TrueSystems and Vion Mobile. For more information, visit www.silkroadequity.com.  Beck Media & Marketing (for SilkRoad technology) James Finch or Sabrina Vito 310-689-7363 james@beckmedia.com / sabrina@beckmedia.com or Outcast PR (for Foundation Capital) Caryn Marooney, 415-392-8282 caryn@outcastpr.com or Spark PR (for Azure Capital Partners) Pamela Ames, 415-321-1893 pames@sparkpr.com  Copyright Business Wire 2008    
94
Bitcoin backer gets two years prison for illicit transfers
Fri Dec 19, 2014 6:26pm EST
  NEW YORK Charlie Shrem, an outspoken supporter of bitcoins, was sentenced to two years in prison on Friday for indirectly helping to send $1 million in the digital currency to the Internet black-market bazaar Silk Road.Shrem, a former vice chairman of the Bitcoin Foundation, was also ordered by U.S. District Judge Jed Rakoff in Manhattan to forfeit $950,000 after pleading guilty in September to aiding and abetting an unlicensed money transmitting business.Rakoff said Shrem, 25, was not "some kid making a one-time mistake," but someone who "excitedly" participated in a novel crime involving bitcoins that contributed to drugs sales."The very innovativeness of it made it a danger to controlling drug trafficking," Rakoff said.The bitcoin evangelist faced up to five years in prison, and the court's probation office had recommended a 57-month term. His lawyer argued for probation, saying the case had already sent a message to the bitcoin community."No one is doing this anymore," Shrem told Rakoff. "There's no more money laundering. They're terrified." Shrem was charged in January following an investigation into Silk Road, an online marketplace that accepted bitcoin for illegal drugs and other illicit goods and services that U.S. authorities seized in October 2013.Lawyers for Shrem, who at the time was chief executive of bitcoin exchange BitInstant, said in court papers their client was not interested in promoting the Silk Road website.Shrem's lawyers said his desire to promote bitcoin led him in 2012 to help Robert Faiella, an underground bitcoin exchanger in Florida, trade over $1 million in cash for bitcoins that were in turn sold to Silk Road customers. Prosecutors said Shrem's motivation was financial. In court papers, they quote Shrem telling his then-business partner he did not want to ban Faiella as a customer since he had made them a "good profit."BitInstant closed in 2013. Shrem stepped down from his post at the Bitcoin Foundation, a trade group, after he was charged. Faiella, who was known online as BTCKing, pleaded guilty in September to operating an unlicensed money transmitting business. He is scheduled to be sentenced on Jan. 20.Silk Road's alleged operator, Ross Ulbricht, is scheduled to face trial on Jan. 13. He has pleaded not guilty to charges that include conspiracy and narcotics trafficking.The case is U.S. v. Faiella, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 14-cr-00243. (Reporting by Nate Raymond; Editing by Tom Brown, Andre Grenon and Lisa Shumaker)
95
Prominent Bitcoin entrepreneur charged with money laundering
Mon Jan 27, 2014 7:31pm EST
  NEW YORK The vice chairman of the Bitcoin Foundation, a trade group promoting the adoption of the digital currency, has been charged by U.S. prosecutors with conspiring to commit money laundering by helping to funnel cash to illicit online drugs bazaar Silk Road.Charlie Shrem, who had financial backing from the Winklevoss twins and is well known as one of the bitcoin's biggest global promoters, was arrested on Sunday at John. F. Kennedy International Airport in New York, the U.S. Attorney's Office in Manhattan said on Monday.Shrem, who was also charged with operating an unlicensed money transmitting business, appeared in U.S. District Court in Manhattan on Monday and was released on $1 million bond."At this point the allegations in the complaint are simply allegations, and Mr. Shrem is presumed innocent," his lawyer Keith Miller said.The 24-year-old entrepreneur, who lives above a bar he jointly owns in Manhattan that accepts bitcoins as payment, was CEO of BitInstant, a bitcoin exchange company that closed last summer. According to prosecutors, Shrem conspired with a Florida resident, Robert Faiella, who ran an illegal exchange, to sell more than $1 million in bitcoins to users of Silk Road, which was shuttered by authorities last year.Faiella, 52, is also charged in the complaint filed in U.S. District Court in Manhattan with conspiring to commit money laundering and operating an unlicensed money transmitting business. He was arrested at his home in Coral Gables, Florida. At his court hearing on Monday in federal court in Florida, Faiella consented to detention until Wednesday, at which point there will be a bail hearing.Shrem could not be reached for comment. A person who answered the phone at Faiella's house and declined to be identified said, "Nobody wants to talk."Bitcoin is a digital currency that is not backed by a government or central bank and whose value fluctuates according to demand by users. Users can transfer bitcoins to each other over the Internet and store the currency in digital "wallets."The criminal complaint says that Shrem, in addition to knowing that Faiella's business was funneling money into Silk Road, also used Silk Road himself to buy drugs, including marijuana-infused brownies."When Bitcoins, like any traditional currency, are laundered and used to fuel criminal activity, law enforcement has no choice but to act," Preet Bharara, the U.S. attorney for Manhattan, said in a statement emailed to the press on Monday. "We will aggressively pursue those who would co-opt new forms of currency for illicit purposes." Bharara has said recently that prosecutors are not going after Bitcoin itself and view it as they view any other currency in which transactions are sometimes made illegally.U.S. law enforcement officials have vowed to pursue any criminal activity in the nascent Bitcoin world as regulators try to formulate their approach to the digital currency.The charging of a prominent Bitcoin Foundation official may be a blow to Bitcoin's prospects, though it did not have a huge immediate impact on trading. Bitcoins were exchanging hands at $970 late on Monday, down from prices above $1,000 earlier this month but up from around $150 four months ago on the Tokyo-based exchange MtGox.Winklevoss Capital, which is run by twin brothers Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss, invested in BitInstant in 2012 and led a capital-raising effort last May that raised $1.5 million. The twins, who are best known for their failed lawsuit against Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg in which they had claimed he had stolen their idea for an online social networking platform at Harvard, have been seeking regulatory approval for a bitcoin exchange-traded fund."When we invested in BitInstant in the fall of 2012, its management made a commitment to us that they would abide by all applicable laws - including money laundering laws - and we expected nothing less," the Winkelvoss twins said in a statement. "Although BitInstant is not named in today's indictment of Charlie Shrem, we are obviously deeply concerned about his arrest," they said. "We were passive investors in BitInstant and will do everything we can to help law enforcement officials." As part of the conditions of his bail, Shrem will be confined to his parents' home in the Marine Park section of Brooklyn. A report prepared by the court for his bail hearing listed his net worth at $6 million, according to U.S. Magistrate Judge Henry Pitman. Serrin Turner, an assistant U.S. attorney, opposed bail, saying Shrem had a "strong incentive to flee" and the means to do so.Bitcoin insiders said Shrem's arrest showed just how hard it is to get away with illegal activity using Bitcoin, which has an ownership chain built into its software so that each unit can be tied to the users who have acquired or spent it."Using bitcoin for illicit transactions is really, really dumb," said Patrick Murck, the Bitcoin Foundation's general counsel. "Bitcoins are so easy to track.""THE ART OF HIDING"According to the charges, Faiella, going by "BTCKing" online, sold bitcoins to Silk Road users and passed on purchase orders he received from the site to Shrem, who filled them, transferring funds to Faiella's account at an unidentified bitcoin exchange service based in Japan. The charging document says that Shrem failed to report suspicious activity to regulators "with respect to numerous Bitcoin purchases" Faiella made from BitInstant.The document contains email conversations between Shrem and BitInstant's co-founder, who is not identified in the charges but is listed on BitInstant's website as Gareth Nelson, in which Shrem tried to hide his dealings with Faiella by pretending to ban him from BitInstant's exchange platform."You are hereby banned from our services," he wrote in an email to BTCKing that he copied to Nelson.According to the complaint, Shrem then privately wrote to BTCKing, without including Nelson. "Your email address is banned," Shrem wrote, "but you can use a different one."Bitcoins have been gaining wider acceptance recently. The Sacramento Kings basketball team earlier this month became the first professional sports franchise to say it would allow purchases using bitcoins. Last month, ecommerce site Overstock.com announced its plan to become the first major U.S. retailer to accept the digital currency.Created in 2009 by a developer or team of developers going by the name Satoshi Nakamoto, whose true identity remains unknown, the bitcoin's earliest adopters have included people expressing a desire to conduct their affairs in a realm outside of government-sanctioned commercial spaces.Some of that sentiment is visible in the charges against Shrem and Faiella. In one online interaction, Shrem tried to assure Faiella he was being discreet."The art of hiding is making people think you are someone else," he wrote. Faiella replied: "You must understand that the people that we pay taxes to have a long reach and I like to stay away from that."(Reporting by Emily Flitter in New York; Additional reporting by Nate Raymond in New York and Brett Wolf in St. Louis; Editing by Leslie Adler)
96
Silk Road Energy Inc. Announces Acquisition Agreement and Completion of Qualifying Transaction
Mon Jan 27, 2014 6:21pm EST
    Silk Road Energy Inc. Announces Acquisition Agreement and Completion of Qualifying Transaction     CALGARY, ALBERTA--(Marketwired - Jan. 27, 2014) - NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION TO U.S. NEWSWIRE SERVICES OR FOR DISSEMINATION IN THE UNITED STATES. ANY FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THIS RESTRICTION MAY CONSTITUTE A VIOLATION OF U.S. SECURITIES LAWS.Silk Road Energy Inc. (the "Corporation" or "Silk Road") (TSX VENTURE:SLK.P) is pleased to announce that the Corporation has entered into a formal acquisition agreement ("Acquisition Agreement") with Gold Note Resources Inc. ("Gold Note"), pursuant to which the Corporation has completed the purchase of certain oil production, oil and gas reserves, lands, leases and miscellaneous interests held by Gold Note in the Bashaw, Columbia and Thornbury areas of Alberta (the "Acquisition"). The Acquisition constitutes the Corporation's qualifying transaction (the "Qualifying Transaction") under the applicable policies of the TSX Venture Exchange (the "TSXV"), as further set out in the press releases of the Corporation dated November 7, 2013 and December 23, 2013 and the Corporation's filing statement dated December 23, 2013 (the "Filing Statement"), all as filed on the Corporation's SEDAR profile at www.sedar.com. The Corporation is incorporated under the provisions of the Business Corporations Act (Alberta) and has a registered office in Calgary, Alberta. Silk Road is a "reporting issuer" (as defined under applicable securities law) in the provinces of British Columbia, Alberta and Ontario. Gold Note is a private corporation incorporated under the provisions of the Canada Business Corporations Act with its registered and head office in Montreal, Quebec. Michael Judson of Westmount, Quebec is the sole director and sole voting shareholder of Gold Note. The Qualifying Transaction has been carried out by parties dealing at arm's length to one another and therefore is not considered to be a Non-Arm's Length Qualifying Transaction, as such term is defined in the policies of the TSXV. As a result, a meeting of the shareholders of the Corporation to approve the Acquisition is not a condition required to complete the Qualifying Transaction.  Assuming that all TSXV conditions are satisfied and assuming that the Corporation receives from the TSXV final TSXV approval of the Acquisition as the Qualifying Transaction of the Corporation, the Corporation will no longer be considered a Capital Pool Company (as defined under TSXV policies). It is expected that the Corporation will meet the Initial Listing Requirements for a Tier 2 oil and gas issuer under the policies of the TSXV, and will resume trading under the stock symbol "SLK" on or about January 29, 2014. Acquisition Agreement Pursuant to the terms of the Acquisition Agreement, the Corporation purchased, on industry standard terms, certain non-operated petroleum and natural gas rights, oil and gas production, tangibles, oil and gas reserves, lands, leases and miscellaneous interests including seven (7) gross producing wells (the "Assets") located in the Bashaw, Columbia and Thornbury areas in Alberta, Canada for an aggregate purchase price of $500,000 inclusive of applicable taxes and in Canadian funds, payable by way of 2,352,941 common shares of Silk Road ("Consideration Shares") at a deemed price of $0.17 per Common Share and $100,000 cash. The Consideration Shares are subject to the terms and conditions of an escrow agreement between Silk Road, Gold Note, and Olympia Trust Company dated January 24, 2014, which is available for review on the Corporation's SEDAR profile at www.sedar.com. The completion of the Acquisition by the Corporation has been approved by the board of directors of the Corporation and the Acquisition has been conditionally approved by the TSXV as the Qualifying Transaction of the Corporation pursuant to a conditional acceptance letter dated December 20, 2013. The completion of the Acquisition as the Qualifying Transaction of the Corporation is subject to final approval of the TSXV, assuming that all TSXV conditions are satisfied. The conditions above do not necessarily represent a complete list of all the conditions contained in the Acquisition Agreement. They are, however, conditions that may be reasonably considered to be material to the completion of the Acquisition by the Corporation. Summary of Financial Information of the Assets The following table sets forth certain select annual audited and interim unaudited financial and operational information of the Assets for the periods indicated.     Six months ended September 30, 2013 (unaudited)   Six months                      ended                     September 30, 2012                      (unaudited)   Year                      ended                      March 31, 2013                     (audited)   Year                      ended                      March 31,                      2012                     (audited)   Year                      ended                      March 31,                      2011                     (audited)     Revenue                        Petroleum sales $ 238,325   $ 201,465   $ 436,663   $ 518,008   $ 622,329       Royalty expenses   (73,412 )   (48,114 )   (103,089 )   (118,864 )   (141,430 )       164,913     153,351     333,574     399,144     480,899     Expenses             Production Costs   103,842     127,446     241,951     247,908     253,923                 Operating income (loss) $ 61,071   $ 25,905   $ 91,623   $ 151,236   $ 226,976    Issuance of Stock Options The Corporation also announces that its board of directors has granted stock options concurrently with the closing of its Qualifying Transaction in respect of an aggregate of 235,294 class A common shares of the Corporation to certain directors, officers, consultants and employees of the Corporation. The exercise price of the options is $.17 per share, with each stock option vesting over three years and expiring five years from the date of grant. The grants are subject to approval of the TSXV. Management of the Resulting Issuer Assuming final TSXV approval of the Acquisition as the Qualifying Transaction of the Corporation is received, the management team of the Corporation and the board of directors of the Corporation will be comprised of the individuals outlined below (the "Management Team"). The following is a brief description of the position, background and experience of the Management Team of the Corporation: Vladimir Katic - Anchorage, Alaska - President, Chief Executive Officer and Director  Mr. Katic is currently the Managing Director of Pacific States Energy LLC, a limited liability corporation formed in the state of California. From May 2000 to September 2009, Mr. Katic was the President, Chief Executive Officer and a director of Pacific Energy Resources Ltd. (formerly Shamrock Resources Inc. - listed on the TSXV), an oil & gas company based in California and listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange. Mr. Katic obtained a Diploma in Petro-Chemical Engineering in 1966 from the University of Zagreb in Croatia. Richard Derrick Colling - Sherwood Park, Alberta - Chief Financial Officer Mr. Colling is a member of the Society of Certified Management Accountants of Alberta with more than 25 years of experience in the field of accounting, both in the banking industry and private practice. He holds a Bachelor of Management (Commerce) from the University of Lethbridge. Patrick Devlin - North Vancouver, British Columbia - Corporate Secretary and Director Mr. Devlin has over 29 years of experience in the securities industry, as a lawyer, regulator, certified management accountant and entrepreneur. From March 2004 to April 2009, Mr. Devlin was a Director and then President, Chief Executive Officer and Director (August 2004 to April 2009) of NEMI Northern Energy & Mining Inc., a mining company listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange. Mr. Devlin was also a Director of Pacific Energy Resources Ltd. (formerly Shamrock Resources Inc. - listed on the TSXV), an oil & gas company, from 1993 to November 2010. Mr. Devlin obtained a Diploma of Technology in Finance from the British Columbia Institute of Technology in May 1974, the designation of Certified Management Account from the University of British Columbia in May 1976, and his Bachelor of Laws from the University of British Columbia in 1981. Zulfikar Rashid - Calgary, Alberta - Director  Mr. Rashid has been the owner of Rodeo Express Delivery Ltd., a mail and courier service, since January 1976. He obtained a Bachelor of Engineering in Electrical and Electronics Engineering from the University of Napier in Edinburgh, Scotland in 1974. Mr. Rashid has also been a member of the Association of Science and Engineering Technology Professionals of Alberta (ASET) since 1976. Michael Judson - Westmount, Quebec - Director Mr. Judson has 20 years of experience forming, financing and operating private and public companies. He has raised approximately $185 million for natural resource exploration and production projects through two public company vehicles. Mr. Judson graduated from Concordia University in 1986 with a Bachelor of Arts (Communication Studies), graduated from the Institute of Corporate Directors (ICD) and the Desautels Faculty of Management, McGill University Directors Education Program in 2007 and became an Institute-Certified Director (ICD.D) in 2011. Dr. Paul Craig - Anchorage, Alaska - Director Dr. Craig is a board-certified clinical neuropsychologist with over twenty-five years of experience. Recognized for his excellence in the field, Dr. Craig has evaluated and/or treated more than 10,000 patients with a broad array of known or suspected psychological and neuropsychological conditions. Dr. Craig is a Clinical Professor in the Department of Psychiatry & Behavioral Sciences at the University of Washington School of Medicine. He has also served as an elected member of the Board of Directors of the American Psychological Association and American Board of Clinical Neuropsychology. Cautionary Statements: Certain statements contained in this press release constitute forward-looking information within the meaning of applicable securities laws. These statements relate to future events or future performance. The use of any of the words "could", "intend", "expect", "believe", "will", "projected", "estimated" and similar expressions and statements relating to matters that are not historical facts are intended to identify forward-looking information and are based on the Corporation's current belief or assumptions as to the outcome and timing of such future events. Forward-looking information included in this press release includes statements with respect to final approval of the TSXV of the Acquisition as the Qualifying Transaction of the Corporation. This press release also contains forward-looking information relating to the management team of the Corporation. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Although the Corporation believes in light of the experience of its officers and directors, current conditions and expected future developments and other factors that have been considered appropriate that the expectations reflected in this forward-looking information are reasonable, undue reliance should not be placed on them because the Corporation can give no assurance that they will prove to be correct. Various assumptions or factors are typically applied in drawing conclusions or making the forecasts or projections set out in forward-looking information. Those assumptions and factors are based on information currently available to the Corporation. The material factors and assumptions include the parties to the agreements underlying the Acquisition being able to obtain the necessary director, shareholder and regulatory approval and TSXV policies not changing. Risk factors that could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from the results expressed or implied by forward-looking information include, among other things: conditions imposed by the TSXV, obligations under the Alberta Licence Liability Rating Program, the Corporation having insufficient financial resources to advance its business, changes in tax laws, general economic and business conditions; and changes in the regulatory environment. Actual results and developments may differ materially from those contemplated by these statements depending on, among other things, the risks that the parties will not proceed with associated transactions, and that the Acquisition and associated transactions will not be successfully approved by the TSXV as the Qualifying Transaction of the Corporation for any reason (including the failure to obtain the required approvals or clearances from regulatory authorities). The statements in this news release are made as of the date of this release.  Completion of the Acquisition as the Qualifying Transaction of the Corporation is subject to a number of conditions, including but not limited to, TSXV acceptance. There can be no assurance that the Acquisition as the Qualifying Transaction of the Corporation will be completed as proposed or at all. Investors are cautioned that, except as disclosed in the Filing Statement, any information released or received with respect to the Acquisition may not be accurate or complete and should not be relied upon. Trading in the securities of a capital pool company should be considered highly speculative. The TSXV has in no way passed upon the merits of the proposed Acquisition and has neither approved nor disapproved the contents of this press release. Neither TSXV Venture Exchange Inc. nor its Regulations Services Provided (as that term is defined in the policies of the TSXV Venture Exchange) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release.    Silk Road Energy Inc. Zulfikar Rashid Director (403) 240-1821     
97
Bitcoin promoter Shrem indicted in NY for money laundering
Mon Apr 14, 2014 5:42pm EDT
  NEW YORK Prominent bitcoin entrepreneur Charlie Shrem has been indicted by a federal grand jury in New York on charges of funneling cash to the illicit online marketplace Silk Road.Shrem, known as one of the digital currency's most visible promoters, is accused of conspiring with a Florida man, Robert Faiella, to sell more than $1 million in bitcoins to the users of Silk Road despite knowing that it would be spent on illegal uses like drug trafficking.Both Shrem and Faiella face charges of money laundering, conspiracy and failing to file suspicious activity reports with government banking authorities, according to the indictment filed by Manhattan U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara.Shrem's lawyer, Marc Agnifilo, and Faiella's lawyer, David Braun, did not immediately respond to a request for comment on Monday. Federal authorities shut down Silk Road last year, and prosecutors from Bharara's office have charged Ross William Ulbricht with operating the site under the name "Dread Pirate Roberts."Shrem, 24, was arrested in January and stepped down as vice president of the Bitcoin Foundation, a well-known trade group, soon after. He was previously CEO of BitInstant, a bitcoin exchange company that enjoyed financial backing from the twins Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss but closed last year. Bitcoin is a digital currency, not backed by any government or central bank, that fluctuates in value according to its users' demand. Users can transfer bitcoins to each other online and store the currency in digital "wallets."Authorities have vowed to pursue those who use bitcoin to complete illegal transactions, while regulators are still grappling with their approach to the nascent currency. The recent failure of Japan's Mt. Gox, which filed for bankruptcy after apparently losing hundreds of millions of dollars worth of bitcoins, has underscored concerns about the currency's long-term viability.Shrem will be arraigned on the indictment on April 29, according to Bharara's office. He faces a maximum prison term of 20 years if convicted on the most serious charge.(Editing by Eric Walsh)
98
U.S. third bitcoin auction spurs more demand with 34 bids
Thu Mar 5, 2015 5:49pm EST
  NEW YORK The U.S. Marshals Service on Thursday held its third auction of bitcoins seized from Ross Ulbricht, convicted of operating black-market website Silk Road, with a sale of 50,000 units attracting higher demand than the previous auction.The government had 14 registered bidders for the 34 bids received, said  Marshals Service spokeswoman Lynzey Donahue. That was higher than the bids received at the last bitcoin auction in December, when just 11 buyers submitted 27 bids.The first auction in June attracted 45 bidders and 63 bids.Donahue expects the auction process to be finished on Monday, at the earliest, when the financial transactions have been completed and the bitcoins transferred to the winning bidders. The winners though are expected to be notified on Friday.The bitcoins on the auction block are valued at $13.9 million at current prices. The six-hour online auction began at 8 a.m. EST (1300 GMT). The 50,000 bitcoins were offered in 20 blocks: 10 blocks of 2,000 bitcoins and 10 blocks of 3,000 bitcoins. The Marshals Service conducted auctions in June and December for nearly 80,000 bitcoins seized during the 2013 raid of Silk Road, a website on which authorities say drugs and other illegal goods could be bought. Ulbricht, 30, was found guilty on Feb. 4 of conspiracies to commit money laundering, computer hacking and drug trafficking.SecondMarket, owned and founded by Barry Silbert, won the bidding for 48,000 bitcoins auctioned in December. Silbert said that SecondMarket would participate in Thursday's  auction, but his firm has not created a syndicate for the sale. Pantera Capital, an investment fund founded by Dan Morehead, a former senior executive at hedge fund Tiger Management, said in its newsletter it is also participating and has formed a syndicate for the auction.Meanwhile, billionaire venture capitalist Tim Draper, winner of the past two auctions, did not submit a bid. But he said in an email that the bitcoins on the auction block are "probably...the best deal anyone will get." Draper won part of the bitcoin auction in December, successfully bidding on one lot, totaling 2,000 bitcoins, on behalf of Draper Associates. He planned to invest 300 bitcoins in every startup that participated in the current session of Boost, a program for bitcoin-related startups founded by his son, Adam Draper.Tim Draper was the sole winner of the first auction of 29,655 bitcoins.In late trading, bitcoin prices were up 2.3 percent at $277. (Reporting by Gertrude Chavez-Dreyfuss; Editing by Jeffrey Benkoe and Andrew Hay)
99
'Dark market' websites seized in U.S., European busts
Fri Nov 7, 2014 3:52pm EST
  AMSTERDAM/NEW YORK U.S. and European authorities on Friday announced the seizure of more than 400 secret website addresses and arrests of 16 people in a sweep targeting black markets for drugs and other illegal services.The developments were announced a day after prosecutors in New York unveiled criminal charges against the alleged operator of underground online drug marketplace Silk Road 2.0.U.S. authorities called the global sweep the largest law enforcement action to date against illegal websites operating on the so-called Tor network, which lets users communicate anonymously by masking their IP addresses.Tor, which was created by U.S. Navy researchers to protect the anonymity of national security communications, is used by human rights activists, criminals and others looking to evade surveillance.Europol, in a statement, said U.S. and European cyber crime units, in a sweep across 18 countries, had netted $1 million worth of Bitcoin, the digital currency, 180,000 euros in cash, silver, gold and narcotics. The more than 400 websites and domains seized on Thursday existed on the Tor network and were used by dozens of online marketplaces where such things as child pornography, guns and murder-for-hire could be purchased, authorities said.Sixteen people operating illegal sites were arrested in addition to the defendant in the Silk Road 2.0 case, Europol added, without specifying the charges."As illegal activity online becomes more prevalent, criminals can no longer expect that they can hide in the shadows of the 'dark web,'" Manhattan U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara said in a statement. On Thursday, U.S. authorities said they had shut down Silk Road 2.0, a successor website to underground online drugs marketplace Silk Road.Blake Benthall, the alleged operator of Silk Road 2.0, was arrested and charged with conspiracy to commit drug trafficking, computer hacking, money laundering and other crimes.Troels Oerting, head of Europol's cybercrime center, said the operation knocked out a significant part of the infrastructure for illegal online drugs and weapons trade in the countries involved. "We have also hit services on the Darknet using Tor where, for a long time, criminals have considered themselves beyond reach," he said. "We can now show that they are neither invisible nor untouchable."The websites had complete business models, Oerting said, and displayed what they sold, including drugs, weapons, stolen credit cards."People paid, and they delivered by the mailman," Oerting said. "There was even a ranking system for reliable suppliers." (Reporting By Anthony Deutsch and Nate Raymond; Editing by Susan Fenton and Steve Orlofsky)
