1.
url:http://www.huffingtonpost.com/david-gosset/chinas-grand-strategy-the_b_6433434.html
title:China's Grand Strategy: The New Silk Road
author:David Gosset
time:03/10/2015  5:59 am EDT
content:The contrast is striking: on one side, the 2016 U.S. presidential elections are already absorbing Washington's energy, the European Union is in an urgent need of decisive leadership and a series of severe crises are eroding Russia's power. On the other side, China, rapidly regaining a position of centrality, is developing a new grand strategy with a global vision.Far from being an empty rhetorical effect, Xi Jinping's New Silk Road will not only be one of the most discussed topics of 2015, but it will profoundly mark China's coming decade and reshape Eurasia.Backed by massive financial investments coming from the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank and the Silk Road Fund, "the Silk Road Economic Belt", first announced on the occasion of a visit in Kazakhstan six months after Xi Jinping became China's President, and "the 21st Century Maritime Silk Road" are symbols of 21st century China and constitute for the Eurasian actors a historical opportunity."Global China" is certainly one of the features defining the Chinese renaissance, the country's opening up creates conditions in which the world impacts the Chinese society but an open China projects also herself globally, Xi's New Silk Road vision, reminiscent of the Tang dynasty's dynamics, illustrates this movement.Some observers can point out that Beijing's renewed focus on the Eurasian continent can be seen, in geopolitical terms, as an answer to the U.S. pivot to Asia initiated by the Obama administration, however, the New Silk Road should not be interpreted as a tactical scheme to counter other forces, it simply complements "a new type of major-power relationship" which characterizes the China/U.S. bilateral relations.The People's Republic of China, soon the world's largest economy, is aware that with power comes responsibility -- and vice versa. In a sense, the New Silk Road can be understood as a Marshall Plan with Chinese characteristics, it reassures the Middle Country's neighbors, contributes to their growth and places them in a system designed by Beijing.Xi's grand diplomacy has the advantage to envelop China's West, Xinjiang, one sixth of China's territory, de facto at the center of the Eurasian continent, is a key element of the Silk Road Economic Belt. Infrastructure projects, trade, innovative public/private partnerships will transform China's most Western region into an international platform and take it simultaneously closer to Shanghai, Turkey and Europe.It would be for China's first trading partner, the European Union, strategic blindness to miss the opportunities offered by Xi's proposal, a vision whose scope goes far beyond the Shanghai Cooperation Organization. 2015, year of the 40th anniversary of the China-EU relations, can mark a new departure for the relations between the two edges of Eurasia.While the China-EU 2020 Strategic Agenda and the negotiations on an investment agreement are positive developments, the EU's new trio, Jean-Claude Juncker, the President of the European Commission, Donald Tusk, the President of the European Council and Federica Mogherini, the High Representative of the EU for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy, should respond adequately to the New Silk Road initiative with a sense of historical responsibilities and the common destiny of Eurasians as a strategic horizon. If they fail to do so, they would take the risk to isolate the EU from a major trend which will, in any case, with the political determination and the economic might of Beijing change Eurasia.A Sino-European Silk Road Fund could be a complementary mechanism to finance large projects -- from infrastructure to education -- serving the shared vision of a peaceful and prosperous Eurasia. An ambitious trade agreement between the EU and China would complement the efforts to facilitate commercial exchanges across the Atlantic and across the Pacific.Italy, where the Silk Road has a unique significance, Germany, the country of Ferdinand Richthofen the geographer who coined the term "Seidenstrasse" and France, especially apt to conceive a bold and independent policy toward China, can push the European Union to seize the New Silk Road moment. Rome, Berlin and Paris will certainly get the full support of Eastern Europe whose history and culture are, through the Eurasian continuities, connected with Central Asia.Eurasia is under the immediate threat of a territorialized terrorism that will not be defeated with drones, killing machines which, on the contrary,  generate infinite hatred and fuel radicalism. The New Silk Road, addressing the long term needs of economic and social progress, creates the conditions to eliminate the roots of extremism.Moreover, enhanced EU/China synergies in the framework of the New Silk Road are an invitation addressed to Russia, indispensable nexus in a continental cooperation network, to act as a co-architect of a 21st century Eurasia.Japan, a nation confronting multiple crises but which is still the world's third largest economy, is not by essence excluded from the New Silk Road, the ancient Silk Road which still fascinates the Japanese scholars linked Europe and Nara, in the year which coincides with the 70th anniversary of the end of World War II, Tokyo can choose to reconnect with the depth of its Eurasianess and become a constructive force in the making of a cooperative Eurasia. The 21st Century Maritime Silk Road which will boost the ties between the Middle Country and Southeast Asia, gives a new importance to the province of Fujian. Xi Jinping, who combined a profound knowledge of Fujian and a deep understanding of the Taiwan issue, is offering Taipei an opportunity to benefit from his grand strategy and a space, besides APEC, for more international visibility.Fully embraced by the European Union and other Eurasian actors, the New Silk Road will take 65 percent of the world population toward an unprecedented level of cohesiveness and prosperity.Following the "China Dream" mainly articulated for the Chinese people, Xi Jinping proposes a humanistic vision of progress which goes beyond national interests, based on China's own experience of material development and inspired by the Chinese sense of universalism, Da Tong, or Grand Harmony, the New Silk Road is "Eurasia's Dream", a dream we can pursue together.David Gosset is director of the Academia Sinica Europaea at China Europe International Business School (CEIBS), Shanghai, Beijing & Accra, and founder of the Euro-China Forum.2.
url:http://www.huffingtonpost.com/david-russell/thetrans-pacific-partners_b_7234242.html
title:TheTrans Pacific Partnership Could Actually Be Good
author:David Russell
time:05/07/2015  3:59 pm EDT
content:Opposition to the Trans Pacific Partnership (TPP) negotiations has been sounded out in negatives, but it doesn't have to be. It is based primarily on distrust of the Obama Administration's willingness to protect American workers. There is a long- existing idea designed to protect workers and allow an American presence in the Asian basin to remain relevant. It might even repair some of the damage done by the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA).The conflict between Liberal opposition and a President dead set on burnishing his legacy with an important trade agreement is becoming personal. Witness the exchange that took place several weeks ago between the President and Senator Elizabeth Warren where he accused her of naiveté and she responded by defiantly challenging him to take off the shroud of secrecy in the ongoing negotiations.In a seemingly unrelated context the U.S. Department of Commerce announced that the importation of consumer goods in the month of March, 2015 amounted to $54.2 billion and was the highest on record. The trade deficit of all goods and services for the month was $51.4 billion, the highest since 2008. On the surface this is somewhat unrelated, but it is not. The fact that the balance of trade in the U.S. has been negative over a protracted period of time means quite simply that the equity and wealth of the country is being spent and, more to the point, gives clear indication that the exportation of jobs from the US is increasingly making the US reliant on other countries for goods and services rather than manufacturing or producing them here.The clear culprit in this scenario has been NAFTA (North American Free Trade Agreement), and opponents are rightly concerned that TPP will add more of the same. NAFTA came into being in 1994, and there have been significant trade deficits ever since. Likewise, opponents are rightly fearful that both the President and the 605 corporate advisers involved in the TPP negotiations, as they benefit from increased international trade, will sell out American workers.  However, there is an over-arching, geopolitical concern that motivates the President that should evoke sympathy, even though it conflicts with the feared impact of job losses. Obama's "pivot to the East" announced in 2012 was a response to the growing importance of China in the region and the perceived threat of its commercial, political and military dominance. It was, and is, clear there was a need for the US as the global super power; to protect sea lanes, defend allies from potential aggression, position the US for the rapid emergence of 40% of the world's population, and re-establish the American presence as a relevant and reliable ally. Heavily mixed into these concerns, needless to say, are the commercial opportunities of increased trade. You can argue as much as you like about the need or importance of the US role as the super power, and there are several historical precedents for how this all eventuates. One thing is clear about President Obama in this context, however, is that he has no intention of appearing feckless in defending the role the US has played since the end of WWII. You may not like his choices, but his intent seems unquestionable.Fortunately, Liberals can safely modify the TPP on meritorious grounds. Despite all of Obama's recent populist rhetoric he has demonstrated on more than one occasion his willingness to throw middle class Americans under the bus. No one is more aware of this than Elizabeth Warren who witnessed firsthand Obama's resistance to the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, his devotion to the financial industry, his willingness to "hollow out" Social Security benefits, and his devotion to the Clinton era sponsors of "centrist" (read that as traditional Republican) budget and fiscal matters.Threading the needle on these issues is made possible from one of the most "respectable" citizens, namely Warren Buffet. In 2003 Buffet wrote an article entitled America's Growing Trade Deficit Is Selling The Nation Out From Under Us. Here's A Way To Fix The Problem-And We Need To Do It Now. The article appeared in Forbes Magazine and has been largely forgotten. What he proposed was effectively a "cap and trade" plan for the import/export business.Under the "Buffet Plan" exporters would get a certificate for the value of their exports. The certificates would allow anyone holding them to import that dollar amount of goods or services. Alternatively, the exporters could sell the certificates and use the revenues to modernize factories, pay specialists and the other things needed to revive in-country industries, or use the cash and sell for less (that would counter currency manipulation and subsidies that other countries provide their exporters).  The idea was improved upon in 2008 and 2009 by the Levy Institute and the Economic Policy Institute, respectively, by suggesting that the government auction off import certificates rather than focus on exports, and use the revenues to retrain workers, build infrastructure, support research and/or assist new business. There have been further studies assessing the prospect of mixing the approach and providing certificates for both import and exports.Liberal strategists need to address the geopolitical concerns revolving around the issue of trade, and the Buffet Plan provides a way to do so. They can insist that the TPP be paired with a cap and trade plan that would funnel resources to places that would better enable a competitive response. Needless to say, Republicans will scream that the proposal inhibits free trade and represents a tax on the "job creators," but the job creators will be largely foreign corporations. Likewise, there will be opposition from current trading partners like China since the status quo has benefited its export trade and purchasing certificates adds cost to transactions. However, this "cost" is a partial means of addressing the currency manipulation that keeps much of China's exports cheap. Similarly, Wall Street will not be pleased since the status quo has been very lucrative, but the certificates will provide another trading vehicle for them to make lots of money. There is a little flag waving that is in order. A constructive solution for TPP may well appeal to all voters no matter what their political stripe. As it stands NAFTA, and prospectively an ill constructed TPP, has or will screw American workers, all of them, no matter what their political inclination. A cap and trade approach that provides resources to regain jobs would sidestep that without doing damage to the geopolitical issues currently in play.3.
url:http://www.huffingtonpost.com/eric-quonlee-/the-wrong-battle_b_4111366.html
title:The Wrong Battle: Why Today's Politicians Are Fighting the Wrong Battles & Setting Us All Back
author:Eric Quon-Lee
time:12/18/2013  5:12 am EST
content:"Well, I think right now, we have got a major problem that we're just -- we're going broke. We are spending money we don't have." -- Sen. Ted Cruz (R) Texas -- January 7, 2013"So I think that while Social Security has to be reformed and saved, the need is less immediate than with Medicare and Medicaid." -- Sen. Chuck Schumer (D) New York -- November 8, 2012Over the past decade, voters have heard similar statements from both sides of the political spectrum. Whether it is the fact that government spending is out of control or that social programs need to expand to help the growing number of impoverished, generations of voters have heard the same refrain. While these statements may be soothing to some, the reality is that society has moved past these outdated political paradigms.Society is undergoing a fundamental evolution that is changing economics and politics. Not only are standard tropes outdated but they do not solve the fundamental issues. So what are these outdated tropes?It's About Wealth Redistribution: Growing global income inequality is increasingly becoming a concern. The widening gap between the rich and the poor is having negative long-term effects, and the current solutions are failing. While the drumbeat of "tax the rich" does partially solve the social program funding issue, it does not address the root causes of inequality.  It's About Smaller Government: The cry for smaller government has been steadily growing over several years. There is an increasing perception that individual action has been buried under procedures and bureaucracy thus creating mounting frustration and anger.  It's About The Past: Humans have a natural tendency to look to the past as a template for future events, particularly during challenging times. Prior experience has been a good predictor because predictable patterns are self reinforcing. However, due to a number of disruptive elements such as technology, such systematic predictability is disappearing.  It's About Local Effects: Individuals always like to think they are in control of their own destinies. Unfortunately, such control is illusory. The growth of technology and connectivity increasingly makes the world a smaller place. One of the many reasons that people are being "turned off" by political discourse is due to the fact that it is failing to address the underlying root causes of individual dissatisfaction. While individuals have been buffeted by changes in technology and innovation, socio-economic frameworks have yet to adapt to these new realities.If individuals know that the old antiquated tropes are ineffectual, then what are the new principles that should be driving socio-economic redevelopment?Creating Individual Opportunity: Individuals are looking for the flexibility to pursue "the American Dream," without having to incur lifelong penalties. The barriers for individuals to pursue the American Dream are getting higher. Take, for instance, the increasing educational debt load that individuals must accrue to enter the workforce or the fact that wages continue to stagnate while the cost of living increases. The American Dream was built on the ability of individuals to pursue their dreams both professionally and personally. As such, it is necessary to develop a socio-economic framework that enables individuals to pursue the American Dream in a manner that is individually fulfilling while socially beneficial.Creating More Efficient Processes To Benefit More People: There is a growing need to redevelop socio-economic frameworks in order to improve success rates and reduce costs. Whether it is the multiple bureaucratic layers that slow government processing time or the inability of the U.S. government to negotiate a fiscal solution without causing a major financial catastrophe, individuals are frustrated with the slow pace of these basic socio-economic frameworks. An increasing refrain from the public is why is it possible to order over the Internet in seconds but it takes weeks to process a basic government form? This dissonance between what individuals are experiencing personally and the socio-economic frameworks is only worsening and needs to be rectified to break the current deadlock.Building Future Foundations: Tomorrow's society will be based more on leveraging intellect and less on physical brawn. This is already visible with the growth in Silicon Valley and the decline of manufacturing in the Rust Belt. What is needed is to build socio-economic frameworks to enable more people to take advantage of the "Intellectual Revolution." This means enabling a greater swath of the general population to take part in this "Intellectual Revolution," by providing the right tools and the right opportunities.Consensus Buy-In Not Regulatory Brute Strength: There has been increasing dissonance between individuals and governments on a global scale. The ability of technology to offer the ability to "individualize" and "personalize" experiences is increasingly at odds with the heavy-handed and unitary approach that governments are taking. Indeed, the "one size fits all" approach that governments utilize is more harmful than helpful. Governments should be adopting the methodologies that have enabled individualized experiences to help individuals while increasing transparency and lowering costs.From the above mentioned outline of outdated tropes and socio-economic redevelopment, it is clear that pundits and politicians who preach old antiquated tropes are living in a fantasy world. The old reality of "putting lipstick on a pig and reselling it," won't fly in today's society, who is desperately looking for new solutions to new realities. The voting populace is smarter and they know that manufactured factional fights and artificial scarcity will not address the daily hardships they face. Old debates of the past are for historians to analyze. What is needed now are new solutions that fit with the new 21st century realities.4.
url:http://www.huffingtonpost.com/mary-ellen-harte/climate-change-this-week_b_6738314.html
title:Climate Change This Week: Apple Goes Solar, Apocalyptic US Droughts Predicted, and More!
author:Mary Ellen Harte
time:04/25/2015  5:59 am EDT
content:Today, the Earth got a little hotter, and a little more crowded.@@ Deadpan Climate Humor At Its Best:   Philomena Cunk Moments of Wonder - Climate Change - of course, one can easily imagine some US voters really believing that coal comes from dinosaurs - and that burning it has made dinosaurs rare... Philomena played by the talented comedienne, Diane Morgan.  * * Likely future scenes of the US Southwest and Great Plains, as scientists predict the worst megadroughts in the past 1000 years to unfold from 2050 onwards, as a result of global warming. US Southwest, Great Plains Could Soon Face Worst 'Megadroughts' In Modern History, study finds, reports Ari Phillips at Climate Progress. The NASA/NSF funded study builds upon recent research, predicting megadrought conditions, starting by 2050, that will far surpass even the worst southwest medieval megadroughts thought to have caused the downfall of ancient Native American civilizations, such as the Pueblos.  The extreme results surprised even the study researchers. Tom Toles at the Washington PostRelated Headlines:OO Droughts Will Hammer US West As 21st Century Unfolds OO U.S. Central Plains, Southwest Likely Face Apocalyptic Drought OO Southwest, Central Plains Face 'Unprecedented' Drought * * Boston, February 2015: I know my car's around here...somewhere... Credit Steven Senne, AP photoOO As Boston's Crazy Snow Keeps Falling,  Scientists Weigh In On Climate Impact"All weather events are affected by climate change because the environment in which they occur is warmer and moister than it used to be." --Kevin Trenberth, IPCC climate scientist Related Headlines:OO Cold Air Invasion Coming: What's the Role of Warming?  OO Weird Winter Weather Plot Thickens As Arctic Swiftly Warms OO Global Warming May Be Affecting Jet Stream - A winter of strange weather and turbulent transatlantic flights in the northern hemisphere has scientists asking: Has a predicted climate imbalance of the jet stream begun?   @@ The Climate Change Elevator Pitch: Ken Caldeira @@ Everyday Climate Change at Instagram   Bringing you the face of climate change daily February 21, 2015: Sarura Aden walked for 25 days across the Somali desert to a crowded, unsanitary and undernourished refugee camp in Kenya, witnessing the killing of other refugees by militia and wild animals, as she fled a tremendous drought that had destroyed all of her livestock and her way of life. Credit Matilde Gattoni at Instagram  Credit Walter at FlickrParis Climate Pact To Rely on Peer Pressure, Cooperation, Not Coercion reports  John Upton at Climate Central. Having failed at forcing countries to achieve needed carbon cuts within specific time frames, the UN will now focus on a process that includes national accountability instead. Will it succeed? Stay tuned. More Warming Woes for Corals:  Crown of Thorns starfish are big suckers and can devastate coral reefs. WikipediaOO Great Barrier Reef: Warmer Waters Helping Coral-Eating Starfish Thrive OO Warmer Oceans Helping Coral-Eating Starfish Thrive OO Arctic Upheaval: new book outlines challenges at the top of the world * * *SOLAR KEEPS FLYINGOO The Carolinas Have Become Hot Spots for Solar Market Expansion OO Duke Energy Proposes $69M Investment in South Carolina Solar OO Massachusetts: the Second-Biggest Employer for Solar Power OO Apple Plans $850Million  Solar Plant  With First Solar  To Power All California Operations Related Headline:OO Apple Deal, Tax Change Could Spark Corporate Solar Stampede of contracts driven by the looming change in a solar tax incentive that makes such projects particularly attractive.  OO The Great Solar Panel Debate: To Lease or To Buy? read who did which, and why.   Credit USA Today, ScreenshotOO One Of The World's Largest Solar Energy Farms Opens In California Related Headline:OO Solar Farm Capable Of Powering 160,000 Homes Opens In California OO Minnesota: Regulators Approve Projects That Will Boost Solar Power There 10x  OO U.S. Companies Pledge To Build 20 GW Of Renewable Energy In India  Check it out here, right now!* * *GOOD CLEAN NEWSOO Judge Halts Use Of Eminent Domain On Nebraskans For Keystone Pipeline OO Fed Report: Gas Can Replace Coal Plants, Supporting Obama Climate Plans  OO EU Energy Consumption Level Falls To 20-Year Low  OO "Stop Me Before I Kill the Planet":  Another Major Oil Producer Calls for Carbon Pricing  OO Google Buys Altamont Wind to Power Its Headquarters, Surpassing 1 GW in Contracts OO Germany Leads Record Wind Power Growth in Europe  Source ShutterstockOO Climate Scientist Wins $50,000 In Libel Lawsuit  Against Conservative Newspaper - as the judge notes that the paper can be skeptical about climate science without creating misleading or false statements about scientists.  OO Tesla Plans Battery for Household Energy-Storage Market OO Obama Looks to Raise $2 Billion in Climate Change Investments OO US Factories Are Polluting Way Less As They Clean Up Their Acts as environmental rules emerge. * * *WHAT WORKS  Speaking Out:  OO New York Times: Those Who Deny Climate Science Are Not 'Skeptics'   Source: Climate ProgressOO US National Academy: Forget Geoengineering - Even The Term Is Misleading since " 'engineering'  implied a level of control that is illusory." The two academy reports concluded  "There is no substitute for dramatic reductions in the emissions of CO2." 5.
url:http://www.huffingtonpost.com/nake-m-kamrany/chinas-rise-to-global-eco_b_6544924.html
title:China's Rise to Global Economic Superpower
author:Nake M. Kamrany
time:04/03/2015  5:59 am EDT
content:The International Monetary Fund (IMF), the most prestigious international financial institution in the world, has rated China's ranking to number one economic superpower in the world -- surpassing those of the United States based upon the purchasing power parity of GDP indicator (gross domestic product).  IMF has asserted that China produced 17% of the world gross domestic product (GDP) in 2014 exceeding U.SA's GDP of world's 16% (1).  China's economic growth  performance over the last 30 years has impressed development economists who took the position  that China will remain in the low/middle income group of nations permanently due to its very large population -- approximately 1.2+ billion in 2015. Moreover, China's performance has inspired other low and middle income countries to emulate China's approach and engage in growthmanship including many middle income countries of Latin America such as Brazil, Argentina, Columbia and India which also has a large population like China.  It is most likely that China will maintain its lead in economic ranking of GDP in the foreseeable future largely due to catch-up of its per capita income which is rising annually at 8%-10%. (2)  Although China's GDP has converged and surpassed Untired States GDP, its per capita GDP is still below the U.S. and first world.  However, China's rapid GDP growth coupled with low fertility rate (number of children per women) will boost China's per capita income to high marginal annual growth paving the way for its convergence, in less than two decades, to the level of high income countries as estimated by USC researchers (3).  It follows that the GDP gap between China and other countries will further widen in the future.  Moreover, the U.S. carries a heavy military burden which does not feedback to economic growth while China has avoided heavy military burden.  Instead in 2014, China inaugurated a major international economic development program by financing infrastructure projects in the historical silk route countries. It is engaged in financing economic infrastructure projects in the silk route countries with positive ROI for China and the recipient countries. (4)     The genesis of China's remarkable upswing in a relatively short span of time  goes back more than five decades to 1948 when China emerged an independent state after World War II upon the defeat of Japan by the United States.  China's leadership was bifurcated between Chairman Mao Zedong's communist party and Chiang Kai-shek's Kuomintang regime raising concern of a pending civil war. (5)  To China's good fortune, the two leaders' views coalesced and a coalition government was formed.  The absence of a civil war and the peaceful political transition of leadership largely explains the remarkable ascent of China's political and economic fortunes.  China's political system is not monolithic, or colossal, it has worked under a seven-member Politburo Standing Committee of party congress.  Political leadership is elected every five years.The second major influence that explains China's good fortune is its decision to open up to the free world and get out of the Soviet sphere of influence. It was prompted in the 1960s when  President Richard M. Nixon sought reproachment with China and sent his Secretary of State Henry Kissinger to China who arranged a personal visit by President Nixon with China's leadership.  The approach turned out to be very successful.  It got China out of the sphere of Soviet Union's influence, paved the way for China to open up to the Western world, and the rest of the world, and eventually modify its system of political economy to a very unique system of private enterprise market economy and a one-party political system.  This unique approach has turned out to be successful both politically and economically for China, and it has benefitted the rest of the world in trade, commerce and international peace. In 2014, President Barrack Obama initiated the exchange of 100,000 American students to study in China further cementing cultural and education relations between the two countries.   Following is a synopsis of China's economic, political and social framework that augur well for its continued development and leadership, and provide a blueprint for other nations to emulate.A.  LEADERSHIP The transition of leadership in China has been remarkably peaceful and smooth.  As can be seen Deng Xiao Ping adopted market economy in December 1978. Deng Xiaoping (1978-1987) was instrumental and responsible for modernization and reform. Premier Zhu RongJi (1988-2003) paved the way for China's entry into World Trade Organization (WTO).  President Jiang Zemin (1993-2003), theory of promoting business and entrepreneurial class into the country's one-party system, helped China's economic expansion.  Current president Xi Jinping launched the economic development of the silk route countries, clamped down on corruption by rooting out high party members and military brass, has launched a rural development program to close distributional and development gaps, and promote social equity.   The economic innovation in China started in the early eighties beginning with Deng Xiaoping through Hujintao implementing innovative economic policies which lifted China's sluggish economy by introducing private ownership, market economy, and less governmental control contributing to robust economic performance. A succession of leadership in China including  president Hu Jinping and follow-up by the current president Xi Jinping's flexible and innovative economic policy took advantage of globalization and export orientation, attracting foreign investment, and maintaining a sound monetary and fiscal policy. China became a member of the World Trade Organization (WTO) and hosted a very successful International Olympic Games.   B.  INTERNATIONAL TRADE ORIENTATION.   Beginning in early 1980s, China shifted its economic strategy from self-sufficiency to export orientation.  The shift was pivotal to the growth rate of China's GNP.  Concurrently, China is building its domestic consumer sector so that in the future it will have a strong and well-developed domestic market. The multi-billion dollar natural gas contract with Russia in May of 2014 will be a major plus for China's energy demand.  China's drive for the development of non-fossil fuel under its twelfth five-year plan could make it a world leader in energy exports and offer unmatchable prices on alternative energy in the world market contributing to convergence of per capita income of the silk rout countries.  C.  GROWTH RATE PERFORMANCE.  The process of China's remaining catch-up time of per capita income to that of the first world is estimated to take place in approximately two decades. It follows that China's catch-up time with the first world would take place in five decades, starting in 1980 while it took the first world nearly 50 decades to reach its current level of per capita income.  Part of the explanation is the diminishing return to capital in the first world since it is saturated with capital and return to capital has dropped.  And the law of accumulation of capital due to growth rates differential between the first world's average of 2% annual growth and those of China with an annual growth range of 7%-10%.  The United States achieved a 2.0 percent average annual growth rate of real GDP per capita between 1891 and 2007. (x)  And its growth rate for the next couple decades may be somewhat lower than 2%.   This means that there may exist 4%-6% percentage point differential in growth rates that has contributed to the rising trend of annual growth rate of China.  This phenomena will continue until China's per capita income reaches within 70% level of the first world.  Then its annual growth rate will conform to the first world's annual growth rate of approximately 2% per year.D.  MACROECONOMIC MANAGEMENT.	 China's sound macroeconomic management was demonstrated during the Great Recession (2007-2009) when its export dropped 15% - 18% causing 23 million to become unemployed, but 98% found jobs as the economy readily bounced back and the unemployment rate dropped to 4%.  This performance is in sharp contrast to a number of countries where the recession is still lingering in 2014. It is most notable that China escaped three global financial meltdowns since 1990, including the Japanese severe credit implosion, the Asian economies foreign reserve meltdown caused by capital flight due to rigidity of fixed exchange rate.  The Great Recession (2007-2009) which engulfed the world economy was contagious, and China was subject to the turbulence and transmittable global meltdown -- but ironically China escaped.  China's experience has drawn re-examination of the Western neoclassical paradigm  concerning macroeconomic stability, and efficacy, of countercyclical measures via mini manipulation of the supply of money by the Federal Reserve Board.  A better alternative for all nation states is to establish social indicator targets.  E. RENEWABLE ENEGY China's 12th five-year plan has placed specific emphasis upon the targeted development of renewable energy to satisfy 15% of China's energy needs by the year 2025.  This policy will contribute to clean air in China and prevent environmental degradation as the use of fossil fuel is substituted by renewable energy.  F.  China is already the world's biggest merchant marine operator according to U.N. data. Container port data compiled by the United Nations shows.  Customs administration figures show around 40,000 ships entered and left Chinese ports in the first half of 2014.G. POPULATION POLICY. China's one-child policy and its recent modification has been optimal given the absolute number and the possibility of population trap.  Successful control of fertility rate (number of children per women) is the hallmark of optimal population and determinant of China's long-term growth potential and carrying capacity.  China's prosperity is closely connected to its population policy although the age distribution of the population may pose some problems concerning productivity in the future. Its population is expected to peak to 1.5 billion by 2040 reaching zero growth rate and avoiding the population trap dilemma. No doubt, it is known that population policy in Europe in the 14th century led to the Industrial Revolution in the 18th century. Technology of industrialization from 18th century to the present created the high level of per capita income in the first world.  Clearly, demographic policy affects economic development in all low- and middle-income countries.  H. POVERTY REDUCTION. Since 1978, China has uplifted millions of peasants out of poverty and it has been the most successful country in the world in poverty reduction.  China will deserve very high marks for its social indictor and distributional objectives. Other favorable political economy policies that have made poverty reduction feasible include annexation of Hong Kong.  Three-fifths of China's foreign direct investment are financed through Hong Kong, and billions of dollars of China's assets are in Hong Kong's financial institutions.  Development of Growth Zones -- such as Shanghai to attract foreign investment -- and investment in human capital including all levels of education through college are among the hallmarks of growth policies in China.  The above factors have given a major impetus of high growth to China since 1980, ranging in an annual growth rate of 7 to 10%.  This is an unprecedented growth rate in the experience of world economy with the exception of Germany in the '20s, largely due to military buildup.I. ANTI-CORRUPTION CAMPAIGN Unfortunately corruption is a universal problem and once it takes roots it becomes institutionalized and penetrates the culture.  Thus it becomes difficult to undo corruption. It is keenly prevalent in low- and middle-income countries.  China is no exception in this regard, however, a concerted effort has been launched to bring corruption under control beginning with the effort of former president Hu Jinping and follow-up by the current president Xi Jinping.   Beginning in 2012, reportedly imposing punishment occurred upon 182,000 government officials at all ranks through 2014.  Several high level party members have been removed; legal cases of anti-corruption of high officials in China have been reported in the Western press with due process.  Perhaps China will succeed to clean up corruption completely.  The anti-corruption drive in China is serious and admirable.  It is certainly instructive for other countries to adopt a policy of transparency and uproot such criminal activities.J. UNIQUE FEATURES  OF CHINA'S SOCIETY AND POLITY Altruism, social cognition, equity, equality, egalitarian motives, public service and economic growth are the hallmark of China's leadership pronouncements.  The duel system of one political party and free competitive market economy characterize China's unique socio-economic-political system.  The political system is not monolithic, or colossal, it has worked under a seven-member Politburo Standing Committee of party congress. Political leadership is elected every five years. Last year 10,000 small protests were tolerated. Currently over half of China's GDP is produced by private enterprises. China's government has not been shut down due to internal political dissent of multi-party feuds.  More than 250 million people have been lifted out of poverty, this is approximately 20% of the total population.In June of 2014, China's 2,400-year-old Grand Canal, which historically linked sections of the Silk Road, was awarded Enesco heritage status, as were large portions of the ancient overland Silk Road. The 11,179 kilometer Yunxinou International Railway linking Chongqing and Xinjiang with Europe and, commonly referred to as the "New Silk Road", runs alongside many of these ancient caravan tracts.The foregoing are indicative that China is embarking in a distinctly alternative approach of inter-governmental collaboration and connectivity to promote economic catch-up of low and middle income countries that are located in the path of silk road. NAKE M. KAMRANY IS PROFESSOR OF ECONOMICS AT THE UNIVERSITY OF SOUTHERN CLIFORNIA, FRANK JIANG IS PRESIDENT OF A STUDENT RESEARCH ORGANIZATION -   THE USC GLOBAL INCOME CONVERGENCE GROUP AND A SENIOR IN ECONOMICS   AT THE UNIVERSITY OF SOUTHERN CLAIFORNIA.References/Sources: 1. International Monetary Fund,  www.imf.org. Data Base, world economic outlook, GDP, 2014.2. Kamrany, Nake M. and George Milanovic, "China's growing economic strength in the 21st century,"  Huffington Post, 11/17/2011, also see:  NAKE M. KAMRANY and FRANK JIANG,  CHINA'S INNOVATIVE PARADIGM - SHARING GLOBAL PROSPERITY - THROUGH CONNECTIVITY OF THE SILK ROUTE COUNTRIES , Huffington Post, September 4, 2014 2014 3. Ibid.  Also, see:   Kamrany, Nake M, 'China's Rapid Recovery in the Great Recession of 20o7-2009,' Huffington Post, 2/11/2011.4. THE SILK ROAD Economic Belt Construction and Future: 12 countries Think Tank Forum, Proceedings of Conference, Renmin University of China (RUC), Beijing, China,  June 27 - 28, 2014-   http"//RDCY2013-SF.RUC.EDU.CN  5. Richard Bernstein, China 1945 Mao's Revolution and American's Fateful Choice.  N.Y.:  Alfred A. Knopf, 2014.  6. Fan, S, ET. Al, "The Economics of China:   Successes and Challenges, "NBER, Working Paper No. w19648 for link go to orders@nber.org National Bureau of Economic Research (NBER)7. Waggle, S. at al, "Integrating Border Regions and Connectivity and Competition in South Asia," World Bank Paper No. 6907, Economics Research Network    6.
url:http://www.huffingtonpost.com/akshan-dealwis/the-new-silk-road-a-true-_b_6400992.html
title:The New Silk Road: A True "Win-Win" or a Perilous Future?
author:Akshan deAlwis
time:03/02/2015  5:59 am EST
content:Walt Whitman described the locomotive as the "pulse of the continent." If his comparison holds true, then Thailand is about to get its first real bloodline to the rest of Asia. All thanks to China.This December 19, Thai Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha signed a memorandum of understanding with Chinese President Xi Jinping, approving of a massive railway project spanning the width of Thailand.South East Asia is criss-crossed with over five hundred thousand miles of highways. However, there are only a paltry 12,000 miles of railway lines connecting the region. There have been numerous projects to expand the network during the 21st century, but progress has been slow -- the length of rail has only increased by 10 percent, while highways have grown by 34 percent. The existing lines have their own set of problems. Thailand's tracks are rickety, poorly run, and ultimately behind the times.China has now stepped in and finalized a new gargantuan effort to modernize the transportation system of Thailand. The project is two-fold. One line will stretch 456 miles from the northern border of the Nong Khai province to the shores of the Map Ta Phut port in the Rayong province, and the other will connect the center of Thailand with Bangkok.The $10.6 billion dollar project is just a preliminary step in China's new outreach to the Greater Mekong Subregion. The plan is a part of China's desire to create a new "Silk Road," connecting all of South Asia, from Laos and Thailand, to even India and Pakistan.Over the past decade, a new phrase has entered the Chinese diplomatic lexicon: "high-speed railway diplomacy" (高铁外交). China has mastered high-speed railway (HSR) technology at a frantic rate, and now is looking to use its nascent capacity to its advantage in the diplomatic sphere.China has reached out throughout Asia, armed with billions of dollars in funds and the promise of economic rejuvenation through the brimming veins of China's HSR. The cash has followed freely, and the takers have been numerous. Close to $40 billion dollars worth of infrastructure deals have been hammered out in Central Asia alone, with many of the Eurasian nations questioning their loyalty to Russia with China knocking. Even Afghanistan has indicated willingness to be a part of this grand scheme, with Afghan President Ashraf Ghani lending his support during his visit to China.However, the new Silk Road isn't limited to just railways. China envisions the project as something much larger. Just one month after announcing the "Silk Road Economic Belt,"  Xi Jinping explained his desire for a "Maritime Silk Road" during a speech to the Indonesian Parliament. While the details of the initiative remain inchoate, some significant investments have already been made. Over $1.4 billion has been spent in Sri Lanka, developing a state-of-the-art port for Chinese ships. The Maldives and Bangladesh are up next, with China energetically increasing its presence in the Bay of Bengal.With the old superpowers of the world, the United States and Russia, in periods of economic recession, it's easy to see why so many countries have bought into China's new future. The smaller economic partners like Maldives and many Eurasian nations are rearing to acquire Chinese assistance in developing much-need infrastructure. Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Hong Lei succinctly explained the motivations of many of China's new partners: "A place needs to have well-functioning roads before it can get rich."For China, however, this "Silk Road 2.0" is not just a method for speedy transportation. It's a prime opportunity to expand Chinese influence, and open up China's diplomatic sphere. Relationships have been tense with many ASEAN nations thanks to numerous South China Sea disputes, but with the Silk Road initiative China seems to have found a solution that mollifies the typical belligerence. India has ordinarily dominated the Bay of Bengal, but with these new commerce opportunities Beijing has cracked this monopoly. China has metamorphosed in the eyes of much of Asia: from a looming threat, to a friendly patron.But it's not just soft power where China stands to gain with the "Silk Road." On a purely trade level, China is positioning itself to capitalize on an entire continent. Want China Times estimates that the "Silk Road Economic Belt" will be worth an astonishing $21.1 trillion. At the same time, China hopes that their HSR will allow for fluid and simple currency exchange. China's state-owned Xinhua News Agency notes that the yuan is becoming more and more popular in nations like "Mongolia, Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan, Vietnam, and Thailand." Perhaps we will see a future where all of Asia uses the renminbi and lex monetae is eroded."High-speed railway Diplomacy" is not the only popular neologism in Chinese diplomatic jargon  -- "win-win" has become one of the most fashionable terms in diplomatic lingo. The Silk Road is being marketed as the world's first major "win-win." The truth behind this blandishment is yet to be fully realized. While many world leaders are lining up to accept China's help, almost all of them are aware of the potential for this Chinese presence to smother local economies. Opening up fragile national economies to the production powerhouse that is China is a dangerous proposition. Nations like Kazakhstan felt major repercussions from increased economic cooperation with a sanction-weakened Russia; only the future can tell how the rest of Eurasia will fair with an open door into a economic giant.In the case of Thailand, the questions are even more pressing. Over a million migrant workers flow through Thailand's borders every year, mainly from Burma and Cambodia. Bringing in Chinese labor, a precedent set with Chinese projects in Sri Lanka, would be completely unheard of in Thailand. Thai railway tracks are also of a different gauge than modern Chinese ones. The work will be extensive and arduous, but none of these issues of connectivity factor into both nation's plans.Some also fear that China's ambitions range beyond simply economic. While the Chinese ports in Sri Lanka were sold to the people as purely mercantile in nature, the Sri Lankan government was unable to hide two visits in October and September by Chinese military submarines. While China has every right to protect its maritime investments, its continual presence will have a major impact on the balance of security in the Indian Ocean. This new found military relationship does cast a slight shadow on China's stately claims of economic cooperation.However, China's "High-speed railway Diplomacy" may not be as successful as Chinese diplomats hope to believe. A deep undercurrent of distrust flows beneath many of China's new negotiations. In many Asian countries, while the governmental leaders shake hands with Chinese officials, the populous harbor misgivings about their new patrons.In my travels to Asia, I've found that many are wary of the Chinese. In Burma, the people despise the Chinese businesses and feel that Chinese imports are suffocating the local economy. In Sri Lanka, my home country, there is significant ire surrounding Chinese military presence, and hopefully some of that indignation will become visible in the upcoming elections. A lot of it comes down to national pride -- no nation wants to feel like its become the vassal state of the local hegemony. In countries like Sri Lanka, where politicians have played on nationalism for decades, a strange equilibrium has developed where governments denounce the influence of the dominating West while accepting the money and resources of China. The dominion of China in South Asia is not yet confirmed. While China will be handling the two new rail projects in Thailand, the Thai government is reaching out to Japan to help modernize the entirety of its railway system. In the Indian subcontinent, the belief is that some nations are courting China in order to spark a reaction from India, hopefully drawing more funding and diplomatic support than normal. It's no coincidence that during 2014 Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi has been hastily reaching out to India's neighbors and building stronger regional connections.It's difficult to say what the future holds for China's new "Silk Road." The embryonic plans for China's "Silk Road" have existed for years. It's only now that large parts of this initiative are being actualized. The dream is that China will help finance a new Asian economic revolution in nations that have lagged behind the boom of the Four Asian Tigers. The more pragmatic reality is that much of Asia is being slowly converted into China's backyard, all in the name of progress. Lets hope that the "Silk Road" is something more than neo-colonial ambitions.7.
url:http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2014/12/17/missouri-abortion-bill_n_6342282.html
title:Proposed Bill Would Require Women To Ask Men's Permission To Have An Abortion
author:Laura Bassett
time:12/18/2014  1:59 pm EST
content:A bill proposed by a Republican state lawmaker in Missouri would require a woman seeking an abortion to obtain notarized consent from the baby's father, even if he is physically abusive toward her. The bill's sponsor, State Rep. Rick Brattin, told Mother Jones that while the bill has exceptions for rape victims and to protect the life of the mother, women in domestic violence situations are not exempt from having to ask the father's permission. "What does that have to do with the child's life?" Brattin said. "Just because it was an abusive relationship, does that mean the child should die?"In explaining the bill to Mother Jones, Brattin channeled Todd Akin, the former Republican congressman from Missouri who, during a failed 2012 Senate bid, said that women who are victims of "legitimate rape" have mechanisms in their bodies that prevent them from getting pregnant. Brattin said his bill would require a woman to be able to prove that a "legitimate rape" happened in order to avoid having to ask for a man's consent for the abortion."Just like any rape, you have to report it, and you have to prove it," said Brattin. "So you couldn't just go and say, 'Oh yeah, I was raped,' and get an abortion. It has to be a legitimate rape."Brattin introduced the bill on December 3 for the next legislative session, but it has not moved yet in the Missouri House. He said he was inspired to change the laws around abortion consent because he was required to obtain his wife's consent before having a vasectomy. There are no laws in the United States, however, requiring men to seek permission from women before having a vasectomy. Mother Jones notes that some individual medical providers in Missouri have a policy requiring the partner's consent. Elizabeth Nash, state issues manager for the Guttmacher Institute, a reproductive health research organization, told The Huffington Post there are legal reasons some providers might require spousal consent. "It could be that the physician is afraid of being sued," she said. If Brattin's bill gains traction in the state legislature and becomes law, it will likely be blocked by the courts. The Supreme Court decided in Casey v. Planned Parenthood in 1992 that requiring a woman to notify her spouse before having an abortion is unconstitutional. 8.
url:http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2014/04/17/vladimir-putin-annex-alaska_n_5166598.html
title:Vladimir Putin Says Alaska Is Too Cold To Annex
author:Shadee Ashtari
time:04/17/2014  3:59 pm EDT
content:Russian President Vladimir Putin quashed the possibility that Russia would annex Alaska while on a question-and-answer call-in show Thursday, adding that the former Russian colony is cold, too. Amid rising Russian nationalism after the president’s annexation of Crimea, Putin responded to an audience member’s suggestion of annexing Alaska during the televised national phone-in, asking, “Faina Ivanovna, my dear, why do you want Alaska?" Russia is a "northern country" and 70 percent of its territory lies in "Northern and extreme Northern regions," Putin said, according to Russian news agency RIA Novosti. "Is Alaska really in the Southern Hemisphere? It’s cold there, too. Let's not get hot-headed,” he added. Russia sold Alaska to the U.S. in 1867 for $7.2 million.“Who needs Alaska?” Putin added.A White House petition calling for Alaska to secede from the U.S. and rejoin Russia has garnered more than 42,000 signatures since the initiative launched in March.Despite rising tensions between the two nations, Putin assured his audience Thursday that “growing relations with the United States” remains in Russia's best interest.  “I want to emphasize once again, Russia is interested in growing relations with the United States and will do everything to ensure that this confidence is restored," Putin said.The U.S. levied sanctions against Russia and select government officials in response to Russia’s annexation of Crimea in March, and has warned that additional sanctions will be imposed if Russia further intervenes to destabilize Ukraine.9.
url:http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2015/02/25/buzz-aldrin-mars-mission_n_6753142.html
title:Buzz Aldrin Explains How The U.S. Can Get One Step Closer To Colonizing Mars
author:Amber Ferguson
time:02/25/2015  1:59 pm EST
content:Former U.S. astronaut Buzz Aldrin urged members of Congress on Tuesday to establish a human colony on Mars and to “combine the mission” with China.While testifying before the Senate's Subcommittee on Space, Science and Competitiveness, Aldrin said "there is no more convincing way to demonstrate American leadership for the remainder of this century than to use 20 July 2019, to commit to and execute a permanent presence on Mars.”NASA plans to send astronauts to Mars by the 2030s. Aldrin said, "American leadership is inspiring the world by consistently doing what no other nation is capable of doing. We demonstrated that for a brief time 45 years ago. I do not believe we have done it since."“I envision a program of settlement that schedules most of the crews who go to Mars will remain and establish a permanent settlement there," Aldrin said.Aldrin also urged lawmakers to work with China’s space station in the near future. The 85-year-old space veteran said, “Do we have a relationship with China? It’s very significant if we’re going to deal with leadership.”“China needs the things we can build. We need to exert leadership by working with them in the lower orbit. … They got a lot of things to do with the moon, we can help them in their permanence because it helps us with our permanence at Mars," he said.Aldrin along with fellow astronaut Neil Armstrong were the first humans to land on the moon on July 20, 1969, during the Apollo 11 mission.Watch Buzz Aldrin above.10.
url:http://www.huffingtonpost.com/mark-chasan/the-regenerative-economy_b_4878452.html
title:The Regenerative Economy and the Pragmatism of Woo-Woo
author:Mark Chasan
time:05/05/2014  5:59 am EDT
content:What if we could create a world of AWE -- Abundance, Wellness and Enlightenment -- a thriving and harmonious world that fosters humankind's potential for love, brilliance, beauty and kindness? I am convinced that we can create such a world and am seeing a rapidly growing groundswell of people awakening and collaborating to transform our world.  There are, however, many people who still believe that those seeking to create a more thriving, loving, abundant, well and enlightened world are merely "unpragmatic woo-woo utopian dreamers." As Albert Einstein said, "Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds."Throughout history, it is the dreamers and visionaries (e.g., Martin Luther King, Thomas, Edison, Wright Brothers, Mother Theresa, Albert Einstein and Buckminster Fuller) that have awakened us to new possibilities, shifted our "reality," and changed the world. As visionary and innovator Steve Jobs said:"Here's to the crazy ones, the misfits, the rebels, the troublemakers, the round pegs in the square holes... the ones who see things differently -- they're not fond of rules... You can quote them, disagree with them, glorify or vilify them, but the only thing you can't do is ignore them because they change things... they push the human race forward, and while some may see them as the crazy ones, we see genius, because the ones who are crazy enough to think that they can change the world, are the ones who do."The guardians of the status quo are conditioned to believe that perpetuating a world based upon maximizing profits from endless growth, GDP metrics, extraction, exploitation, scarcity, toxicity, war, injustice and destruction is "pragmatic." Is it really pragmatic to cause destruction of our biosphere that provides us with life itself and everything we need to thrive as a species? I would posit that real pragmatism is creating a world that fosters the health and thriving of our biosphere and humankind.  For example, a billionaire about to drop dead of dehydration will give you every penny he has for a life-saving glass of water.  We are the planet!  There is no separation. Each breath, drop of water and the nutrients that sustain our lives are gifts from the planet. The planet and its intricate ecosystems have 4.5 billion years of natural wisdom.  To think we can save the planet is just arrogance.  The planet does not need us to save it. After we are long gone, the planet will heal itself and be just fine without us.  However, we have an opportunity to thrive if we choose to love, respect and serve each other and the planet -- if we choose trust, compassion, generosity, and collaboration over fear, distrust, greed, scarcity, and disconnection; if we choose well-being over toxicity and creation over destruction.It is not hard to imagine a world that is "better."  But, what does "better" mean?  By "better," I mean an abundant, well and enlightened world that enhances life -- a world where love, compassion, generosity, equitability and the creation of beauty are the pursuit of humankind. This "better" world is being birthed in eco-social conscious communities, in corporations that are adopting ethical and socially responsible practices, and in governments that are creating legislation and incentives to stimulate a sustainable economy. As Buckminster Fuller said, "In order to change an existing paradigm you do not struggle to try and change the problematic model. You create a new model and make the old one obsolete."In the 20th century, the economy was based upon industrialization, expansion, competition, centralization, profits-at-all-costs, debt, greed, consumerism, waste, war, fossil fuels, and environmental destruction. In their February 2104 article titled "Remaking the Industrial Economy," McKinsey & Co. brilliantly summarized the industrial economy as follows:"Visualize, for a moment, the industrial economy as a massive system of conveyor belts--one that directs materials and energy from resource-rich countries to manufacturing powerhouses, such as China, and then spirits the resulting products onward to the United States, Europe, and other destinations, where they are used, discarded, and replaced." "In light of volatile markets for resources, and even worries about their depletion, the call for a new economic model is getting louder."In the 21st century, we have an opportunity to create the new "regenerative economy."   The regenerative economy is based upon elevating ethical value creation over economic expansion, collaboration over competition, sufficiency over greed, regenerative over extraction, and sharing over hoarding.   The regenerative economy represents a horizontal economic transformation that will dwarf the industrial age economy by transforming almost every industry vertical, with the greatest impact on energy, water, food, built environment, transportation, packaging, health care, infrastructure, natural resource and waste management, technology, resource and supply chain management, and education. A small sampling of regenerative economy metrics include the $1 trillion "restoration economy," the $290 billion "LOHAS market," the $110 billion "sharing economy," and the $248 billion "clean energy market."The regenerative economy will include the following:Renewable energy and materials replacing fossil fuels and extractive energy and materialsEthical and sustainable companies, manufacturing processes and governmentCollaborative consumption and effective utilizationConverting and upcycling waste into valuable energy and productsDevelopment of self-sufficient smart communities based upon localized water catchment, energy generation, food production and waste upcyclingIncreased health and wellness through highly nutritious foods, pure water, clean air, healthy built environments and the integration of mindfulness and movement in our daily livesRestoration of the earth's ecosystems and inefficient infrastructureHealthy, smart and energy efficient buildingsNew transportation with proliferation of renewably powered public and smart transportation solutions with increased walkable and bikeable live-work logistics Leveraging IT to reduce energy, product consumption and waste Revolutionizing education with applied immersive learningBalancing population growth and increasing carrying capacity with abundant food, water, energy and renewable materials Implementation of a people owned, ethical zero balance currency based upon contribution of value, collaboration and reputation rather than debtTransforming our environments with living systems planning, design and engineering processes The ethical compass to use our creative powers for the life-enhancing benefit of people and planetWith consistent and proactive application of our energy, effort and resources in alignment with the foregoing, we can create the regenerative economy and a world of AWE.The regenerative economy requires a shift in consciousness that includes the application of whole, healthy and regenerative practices that transform our environments, deepen our connection with each other and the planet, and evolve our beliefs and behaviors in a way that shifts our culture to align with life-enhancing outcomes. It is not likely that this transformation will occur in our comfort zone. In order to create a thriving abundant, well and enlightened world, we need to be willing to have courage and tenacity, to stand for our dreams, take risks, make mistakes, lose money and face adversity, criticism and ostracism.We live in a universe of infinite possibilities, yet most of us live lives of such limited possibilities. There are energies, forces and consciousness in the universe that support human thriving, yet most of us are "perceptually blind" to these energies, forces and consciousness. Let's open our eyes and minds to new possibilities that are life-enhancing and expansive in order that humankind can thrive by expressing its potential for love, brilliance, beauty and kindness and create a world of AWE.11.
url:http://www.huffingtonpost.com/fu-ying/china-rise-questions_b_6004658.html
title:Answering Four Key Questions About China's Rise
author:Fu Ying
time:12/17/2014  5:59 am EST
content:"Is China going to compete for world power?" Most people in China, if asked such a question, would show little interest in seeing the country fighting for world power with the U.S., and still less in becoming another U.S.However, in the U.S. and some European countries, many may ask: How can we trust that China won't be like that? They are concerned that China may try to set up a new regional order under its rule.In a recent conversation with Henry Kissinger, he told me that he thought more people should know what the Chinese are thinking. I have therefore chosen a few hotly discussed topics below to share some of the views in China.First, is China a world power?For most in the U.S., and the world for that matter, China is undoubtedly already a newly rising world power. According to the latest IMF purchasing power parity calculation, China's GDP overtook the U.S.' to be the number one economy of the world. However, such a story did not raise much excitement in China. Most see it simply as too flattering. Foreigners see China's progress mainly from the images of China based on skylines in Beijing, Shanghai or Guangzhou. But if you drive out of these megacities 100 km, you will easily find people living at very basic levels. By the U.N. poverty standard of U.S.$ 1.25 a day, there are still about 200 million Chinese, or roughly 14 percent of the Chinese population, living under that line. In China, urbanization has reached 51 percent. But when measured at the human level, people who are living in city conditions are no more than 37 percent. That is to say, more people in China are yet to enjoy urban quality of life like clean water and proper medical care.China is a country that has just come out of overall poverty. Those born in the 1980s were the first generation of Chinese who have grown up with a full stomach and who started to enjoy the freedom of choices. But at the national level, more challenges are waiting to be addressed, such as more hospitals, schools and better environment. The country is on a steep upward slope, confronting difficulties sometimes beyond imagination for the outside world. That is why we state that China is a developing country, and for a long time to come, the country will focus on its reform and opening to the outside world in order to promote development.We have two centenary objectives. The first is to double the GDP as well as both urban and rural average income based on 2010 figures in time for the 100 year anniversary of the Communist Party in 2020. The second is to turn the country into a modernized socialist society, with per capita income levels reaching that of a moderate developed country for the 100 year anniversary of the People's Republic of China at the middle of this century.Second, does China have to compete for world power and might this even lead to war? According to Hans Morgenthau, the theorist of realism in international politics, countries will inevitably fight for international power as they become stronger. John Mearsheimer, who developed the "offensive neorealism" theory for the post-Cold War international situation, also sees unavoidable, tragic competition among powers.But it is important for the world to realize that China is consciously shaping a new paradigm that follows a path of peaceful development. China's foreign trade grew 300 times in RMB terms in the 30 years from 1983 to 2013. But this was not achieved with "flag before trade." Rather, it was the fruit of mutually beneficial cooperation on an equal footing and within the existing rule-based international free trade environment. Especially after China joined the World Trade Organization in 2001, international trade grew at an average rate of 18.2 percent annually. China is now the largest trading partner for over 120 countries, importing more than U.S. $2 trillion worth of goods, and creating jobs and investment opportunities around the world. This factor also anchors China's relations with its partners.During the past three decades, China's GDP expanded 95 times, while the increase in its military spending was only 42 percent of that rate. China follows a constitutionally stipulated national defense policy that is defensive in nature. Grabbing capital, resources and markets by military force as the world witnessed in the past is unnecessary in today's world, and it is unacceptable as a policy option for China.There are both domestic and international reasons as to why peaceful development works for China. In terms of internal factors, the Chinese nation has a strong belief in peace. Many of the ancient sayings go deep in people's mind ( i.e, "a nation, however powerful, is doomed if it is always hungry for war", "peace is most valuable under the sun" and "achieving harmony while allowing differences"). China suffered a great deal at the hands of foreign powers. We "do not do onto others what we don't want others to do to us." As a socialist country, the interest and benefit of the whole population is at the center of China's domestic policy, which has determined that its international strategy is firmly rooted in peace and cooperation with all countries.Externally, globalization has created conditions that made it possible for China to achieve peaceful development. When the Cold War ended, it also broke the division caused by confrontation between opposing camps. Thus a global trend of diffusion occurred, whereby resources and factors of production, such as capital, technology, talents and expertise, previously held mostly in the developed Western world, started to diffuse to the vast periphery. Wars and military expansion are no longer the workable and necessary way to attain economic expansion. China made good use of this opportunity. Through its persistent reform and opening-up program, China has become the leading developing country in attracting international investment and technology. It has achieved its economic boost by being able to tap into global markets.  This is not a one way street. China's massive growth has benefited all those countries and businesses who partnered with China.Many other developing countries also took on the wave of globalization, and their role is also essential in adding vigor to new period of world economic expansion.China's peaceful development has been successful, and there is no reason not to continue it. Only by following peaceful development can China attain its development goals. Third, how is China's commitment to peace reflected in its policy in the neighborhood?As we entered the second decade of the 21st century, China's neighborhood has seen much disquiet. The temperature has risen over territorial disputes and maritime jurisdiction -- issues which had lain dormant for years. What has happened? On April 10th, 2012, a Philippine navy ship sent armed men into the lagoon of Huangyan Island to harass Chinese fishermen who were working there. Photos of the scene angered the people back home who called for actions to protect Chinese citizens and territory. The following September, the Japanese government went ahead with the so-called "nationalization" of the Diaoyu Islands, which broke the status quo of shelving the disputes for resolution at some future time. That too ignited serious demonstrations in many Chinese cities and gravely strained ties with China. China took effective measures in response to both provocations to firmly uphold territorial rights and interests. At the same time, China has exercised restraint and has not given up on resolving disputes through dialogue or the principle of "putting aside differences and going for joint development." We also must watch closely the true intentions and other complicating factors that may lie behind provocations.China and ASEAN countries have had many rounds of discussions and finally reaffirmed the commitment to the Declaration on the Conduct of Parties in the South China Sea, which underpins stability in the South China Sea. We also started talks on a "code of conduct."Free and unimpeded passage in the South China Sea is crucial for China as a major trading country. Maintaining such freedom remains one of our priorities. Compared with other regions in the world, Asia has remained peaceful and stable on the whole since the end of the Cold War. With no major conflicts, countries have been able to focus on economic development and cooperation. In this process, they have not only deepened common interests but also made Asia an engine for the global economy, contributing roughly half of global growth in recent years. China's good-neighborly policies over these years have played an important role in this process.THE ASEAN WAY One priority of China's Asia policy going forward is to support and join in the framework of dialogue and cooperation initiated by ASEAN, which fosters the principles of openness, inclusiveness, consensus building and accommodating each party's comfort level. This is known as the ASEAN Way.This seemingly loose regional architecture led by ASEAN has provided a major integrating network that brought Asia together in the post-Cold War order.China supports ASEAN centrality in East Asia cooperation, which now is an important component of the Asian order. Parallel to this architecture is the bilateral military alliances led by the U.S., which is a legacy of the Cold War. How these alliances renew and reinvent themselves is being watched closely. The "rebalance strategy" pursued by the U.S. in recent years exhibits a heavy military focus and has given rise to new debate.THE TROUBLE WITH MILITARY ALLIANCESFirst, military alliances are exclusive in nature. Where do non-members come in in its security vision? How do members balance their security interests and responsibilities with those of non-members?Second, where do alliances draw the line when it comes to principles. Do members always support their allies, be it right or wrong?Third, how does the alignment regime interface with and accommodate the region's other multilateral frameworks?In the case of Japan, its current leader refuses to recognize the history of aggression. He has visited the Yasukuni Shrine and denies the fact of comfort women. Furthermore, he constantly invokes the "China threat" to justify his attempt to amend the country's pacifist constitution. The concern among the Chinese people is that all this may be aimed at freeing Japan from  post-World War restraints in order to attain the ability to wage war again. As Japan's most important ally, how will the U.S. rein in this ally and keep it on a peaceful track? This will affect the future regional order in a fundamental way.  "As Japan's most important ally, how will the U.S. rein in this ally and keep on a peaceful track? This will affect the future regional order in a fundamental way."In the final analysis, the decisive factor for Asia is whether China and the U.S. can properly manage their relationship and cooperate on regional issues.Leaders of the two countries have agreed to build a new type of major-country relationship. The question is how this is realized in the real world.The first issue is whether the two countries could build up mutual trust and reduce misperceptions. The lack of trust between China and U.S., both at a strategic level and in media circles, has led to continuous misreading and misjudgment, which spoils the atmosphere and stands in the way of cooperation. For the U.S. side, the key lies in resisting the temptation to view China from an ideological standpoint. If this obstacle cannot be removed, bilateral ties are likely to be affected by ups and downs from time to time.The second is whether the two countries can learn to respect each other's interests and concerns. To the Chinese people, the U.S. seems to prefer choosing to stand on the opposing side on almost any issue that involves China's interest.For instance, when China faces provocations from its neighbors, the U.S. has pointed fingers at China regardless of facts. By doing so, the U.S. has reinforced its negative image among the Chinese public. To change that, the two countries could exhibit a more positive tone and conduct more visible cooperation in such areas as climate change, counterterrorism, curbing pandemics and cyber security. Both countries need a prosperous and stable Asia. We should identify areas where we agree and work on them. In areas where we can't agree, let's put aside differences for further discussion. We should state together our support for the multilateral frameworks led by ASEAN and leave little room for regional countries to worry about China-U.S. conflict or to take sides. On the part of China, we should carefully consider how our actions might affect our neighbors. We should explain ourselves more proactively -- to make our voice better heard -- so that the outside world can have a more timely and objective understanding of our thinking and intentions. Fourth, how do the Chinese people see their country's role in the world and its international responsibilities? Should China share global responsibility with the United States? The world today is constantly troubled by conflicts in different regions. The Ukraine issue has not yet cooled down and the temperature continues to rise in the Middle East. China is perceived as not playing a sufficient role or even as shirking responsibilities. In China, people see that most of the world's problem started from the wrong foot and then led to a mess. The easiest way to resolve an issue it to stop the fighting and find a compromise among the parties concerned."China may join in discussions about hotspot issues with the aim of seeking a peaceful solution, but it will not turn into a party involved in the conflict or take steps that make the problem worse."It is a widely held belief in China that countries should not interfere in each other's internal affairs. So China may join in discussions about hotspot issues with the aim of seeking a peaceful solution, but it will not turn into a party involved in the conflict or take steps that make the problem worse. How about China's global responsibility? First and foremost, as a country accounting for one fifth of the world population, growing prosperous and staying stable in itself is a very important contribution of China to the world. As for world security issues, China has offered good offices on the Korean nuclear issue and promoted stability in Afghanistan. We are also parties to many of the negotiations concerning regional and world security. However, China does not see itself as having an overriding power over other countries. Our view is this: should there be the need for international involvement, the opinion of the country concerned and the regional view must come first and the U.N.'s authorization cannot be circumvented.Chinese President Xi Jinping has elaborated on the concept of Asian security, which promotes common, comprehensive, cooperative and sustainable security. That's a crystallization of China's security thinking, and it also goes along with the general thinking in Asia. CHINA AND GLOBAL PUBLIC GOODSIt is also important that China provides more public goods as its ability grows. For example, since 2008, the Chinese Navy has sent 45 ships to the pirate-ridden Gulf of Aden for escort missions, and half of the ships they helped were non-Chinese. China has actively participated in international cooperation in disaster relief, combating transnational crimes and maritime security. China now ranks the first among developing countries in terms of peacekeeping assessment at the U.N., and it is the biggest contributor of peacekeepers among the Permanent 5 members of the Security Council. China also strives to share anti-poverty experiences with African and other developing countries. Chinese medical personnel are at the forefront fighting the deadly Ebola virus and more assistance and resources have been sent from China in recent weeks.Asia is the key area for China's international cooperation. China's initiatives to develop the Silk Road economic belt and maritime Silk Road are aimed at expanding connectivity and promoting common development. It combines China's advantage and the regional needs. This modern Silk Road is not a closed or exclusive arrangement. We welcome more participation by countries, including the United States."This modern Silk Road is not a closed or exclusive arrangement. We welcome more participation by countries, including the United States."When the U.S. judges China or other countries about their role in the world, it often prefers for others to just "follow me" or "do for me." This approach does not go down well with the Chinese people.On the other hand, in China, we also need to fully understand and appreciate our country's new position in the world and grow into this new role. The direction to go is for the Chinese and Americans to try to understand and appreciate each other's views and positions better. That is indispensable should the two countries want to work closely and effectively on world strategic issues.This comment is adapted from remarks by Fu Ying at the Asia Society Dialogue on October 12, 2014.12.
url:http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/06/13/elizabeth-warren-free-trade-letter_n_3431118.html
title:Elizabeth Warren Free Trade Letter Calls For Trans-Pacific Partnership Transparency
author:Zach Carter
time:06/13/2013 11:08 am EDT
content:WASHINGTON -- Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.) on Thursday sent a letter to President Barack Obama's nominee to head U.S. trade negotiations, expressing concerns about the administration's lack of transparency in the Trans-Pacific Partnership, a major trade deal being negotiated largely in secret.  Labor unions, public health advocates and environmental groups have long decried so-called free trade policies for undermining important regulations in the pursuit of corporate profits. The letter signals that Warren's tough stance on bank regulation extends to other major consumer and public interest matters.What the public does know about the TPP has been learned through leaked documents. According to those documents, the Obama administration is seeking to grant corporations the ability to directly challenge regulations in countries involved in the talks -- a political power that was typically reserved for sovereign nations until the 1990s. Obama opposed such policies as a presidential candidate in 2008. The leaked intellectual property chapter of the deal includes provisions that would increase the costs of life-saving medicines in poor countries.Warren's letter does not take issue with specific terms of the negotiations, but rather the secrecy surrounding the process. Members of Congress have been allowed to see TPP negotiation texts. Some have said they were insulted by the complex administrative procedures the office of the U.S. Trade Representative, or USTR, imposed to actually access the texts -- barriers not imposed on unelected corporate advisers. Members of official "Trade Advisory Committees" stacked with corporate officials have been given access to the texts. But on June 6, Labor Advisory Committee Chairman R. Thomas Buffenbarger wrote a letter to acting U.S. Trade Representative Miriam Sapiro objecting to the "severe restrictions" that her agency had placed on information available to advocates for working people.In her letter, Warren asked current White House official Michael Froman, who Obama has nominated to be the next head of USTR, whether he would make a copy of the negotiation text available to the public. She also asked for a full accounting of all information that has been made available to each official advisory committee.The Obama administration has been negotiating the Trans-Pacific Partnership for several years, and Obama said at his 2013 State of the Union address that he hopes to have the deal approved by the end of the year.Read the full text of Warren's letter here.13.
url:http://www.huffingtonpost.com/dustin-t-duncan/all-hands-on-deck_b_3232122.html
title:All Hands on Deck: (Some) Reflections on Ameliorating Global Health Disparities in the 21st Century
author:Dustin T. Duncan
time:07/07/2013  5:12 am EDT
content:I was recently listening to the Jamaica dancehall song, "Tell Me How Come" by Morgan Heritage, and interestingly enough, it made me think of health disparities -- because Heritage talks about social and health ills such as AIDS plaguing his society and says, "life is so unfair."I first learned of the concept of "health disparities" (sometimes referred to as health inequalities or health inequities) at Morehouse College, studying for a minor in Public Health Sciences. Whether you call them health disparities, health inequalities, or health inequities they are marked differences in the health of subgroups in the population (e.g. differences in health by race/ethnicity, socioeconomic position, gender, sexual orientation and geographic locality) in a variety of diseases and health-related behaviors such as obesity, type 2 diabetes, hypertension, suicide, tobacco use, asthma, violence, depression, lung cancer, prostate cancer, HIV/AIDS and the list goes on and on and on. Notably, disparities exist when certain groups are affected more adversely than others.There are disparities in health within countries, including in the U.S. For instance, there are disparities in obesity within the U.S., whereby black and Hispanic children and adolescents, have a substantially higher prevalence of obesity than their white peers. The "stroke belt", which refers to a clustering of high stroke prevalence in several southern states in the U.S., is another example. These types of disparities in health have been routinely documented in the U.S., but also span across the globe. In addition to within country disparities, there are between country disparities. For instance, while HIV/AIDS is a noted global public health problem, countries are differentially impacted by the condition. Several countries in Africa, such as Swaziland and Botswana, have an exorbitantly high prevalence of HIV, while other countries (such as Syria and Finland) have an extremely low (almost non-existent) prevalence.In college, I was inspired to write about health disparities on a few occasions (see here and here), and had the optimistic view that health disparities would be "cured" by 2010. At that time, in 2005, one of Healthy People 2010's goals was to reduce health disparities by that date. Now eight years later, Healthy People 2020 has the same goal.The constitution of the World Health Organization states, "The highest attainable standard of health is one of the fundamental rights of every human being" and, in 1966, at the Second National Convention of the Medical Committee for Human Rights, Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. said, "Of all the forms of inequality, injustice in health care is the most shocking and inhumane." Ergo, I believe there is little disagreement that health disparities are... to put it simplistically, wrong and unjust. However, I'm not convinced that public health and medical researchers, and others, including health practitioners and policymakers, think about health disparities enough or approach the issue in the correct way. Public health researchers and practitioners certainly study and aim to improve health via understanding etiologic risk factors for disease and via designing/evaluating health-promoting interventions. While health achievements are gained in certain population groups (via these health efforts), I believe we, professionals interested in improving public health, don't always think about how improvements in Group A may further exacerbate the differences in health between Group A and Group B, especially when considering health disparities from a global context. If a health promotion program is targeted to an entire community and improves health overall, it could future exacerbate disparities in health between the disadvantaged groups and those who are better off -- as those who are better off will likely be more prepared to uptake the program. Improving health outcomes across populations is important, but the level of improvements needs to be more rapid and maintained among disadvantaged populations to impact health disparities across domains and contexts. Perhaps obvious, but group-based differences need to be systematically and rigorously integrated into research and evaluation efforts if we are going to make significant inroads in reducing within and between country health disparities. Health promotion efforts are especially needed in countries experiencing health disparities to reduce between country disparities.I have had these thoughts for quite some time (and others also have expressed similar thoughts), but these thoughts were re-sparked at a recent talk that Dr. Lovell Jones, Professor and Director of the Dorothy I. Height Center for Health Equity and Evaluation Research at the University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center, gave as the keynote speaker for the Dana-Farber/Harvard Cancer Center's Cancer Research Disparities Symposium. Jones provided unique and important insights. One particularly salient quote was, "Health alone will not solve the problems of health disparities." Similarly, I believe efforts to ameliorate health disparities must engage individuals from a variety of disciplines, including (but not limited to) elected policymakers, urban planners, economists, social workers, health care practitioners, community and faith leaders, epidemiologists, psychologists, sociologists, geographers, demographers etc. I'm glad to see that many of my colleagues and the health field more generally have embraced teams with members from different types of expertise (known as trans- and inter-disciplinary teams); I think this will lead to improvements in public health and reductions in health disparities, but these teams need to be truly collaborative and sustained. Jones also talked about the importance of rigorously thinking and accounting for historical influences that may perpetuate health disparities. Recent work gives me hope that reducing health disparities is possible in the 21st century. Some recent work by Dr. Nancy Krieger, Professor of Social Epidemiology at Harvard School of Public Health, demonstrates that the magnitude of health disparities in cancer mortality and more broadly premature morality change over time, suggesting that health disparities can indeed be ameliorated.While I am quite dubious that health disparities will be eliminated over the next few years, I am hopeful that in my lifetime we can make significant strides in closing health gaps and improving on the numerous poor health and other conditions that befall inner cities and blighted areas. This is a key mission that motivates my work and thinking. When I hear Morgan Heritage's words about life being unfair, I think: it can be made fair, but all hands must be on deck.14.
url:http://www.huffingtonpost.com/peter-dreier/ralph-naders-hypocrisy_b_4542304.html
title:Ralph Nader's Hypocrisy
author:Peter Dreier
time:03/06/2014  5:59 am EST
content:Ralph Nader just published "The Country You Destroyed: A Letter to George W. Bush" on the Common Dreams website. Nader correctly blasts Bush for his invasion of Iraq and the ongoing tragedy of that war. Nader writes: "When you were a candidate, I called you a corporation running for the Presidency masquerading as a human being. In time you turned a metaphor into a reality. As a corporation, you express no remorse, no shame, no compassion and a resistance to admit anything other than that you have done nothing wrong."But Nader is being a hypocrite. He has never expressed any remorse or shame for the role that he played in making the war in Iraq possible. I am not saying that Bush and Nader are equally responsible for the war, but I do hold Nader responsible for helping elect Bush in 2000. Without Nader, there'd have been no President George W. Without George W., no war in Iraq.I am still angry at Ralph Nader for all the damage that George W. Bush did to my country. This also makes me very sad, because for years I believed that Nader was an heroic and courageous progressive. In the late 1990s, in introducing Nader at a forum on my campus, I called him one of the 10 most important Americans of the past 100 years. I put Nader in the same league as Jane Addams, Walter Reuther, Martin Luther King, and Cesar Chavez. I include him in my book, The 100 Greatest Americans of the 20th Century: A Social Justice Hall of Fame (Nation Books, 2012).  Beginning in 1965 with the publication of his expose of the auto industry, Unsafe at Any Speed, and for more than 30 years after that, Nader inspired, educated and mobilized millions of Americans to fight for a better environment, safer consumer products, safer workplaces, and a more accountable government. Thanks to Nader, our cars are safer, our air and water is cleaner, and our food is healthier.We have Nader to thank for seat belts and air bags. He was a key player in changing America's attitude toward nuclear power -- and why we stopped building nuclear power plants. Nader is probably more responsible than any other figure for some of the most important changes in recent American history. These include the Freedom of Information Act, the Clean Air Act, the Safe Water Act, and the Superfund law that requires the cleanup of toxic waste sites. Political observes credit Nader with getting Congress to create the Environmental Protection Act, the Consumer Product Safety Commission, and the Occupational Safety and Health Administration.Nader built a network of organizations to research and lobby against corporate abuse. These include Public Citizen, Globe Trade Watch, Congress Watch, the Health Research Group, the Center for Auto Safety, and the Center for Responsive Law. He also started a network of campus-based organizations called "PIRGs" -- Public Interest Research Groups -- that over the years has trained thousands of college students in the skills of citizen activism. He has also written dozens of books -- all focusing on how citizens can make America a more democratic society.During the 1970s and 1980s, Nader regularly appeared in Gallup's annual list of most-admired Americans.  He was not only admired; he also was trusted for his courage and principles. Had Nader retired in the early 1990s, his reputation and legacy as one of American history's most effective leaders would have been secure.But then Nader got the political bug and decided to run for president. He did so in 1996 and 2000 on the Green Party ticket, and in 2004 as an independent. Because Nader sees both the Democratic and Republican parties as essentially the same -- as tools of corporate America -- he chose to run as a third party candidate. He claimed that his campaigns would help build a permanent progressive third party that could contest for power. But it never happened, mostly because America's winner-take-all rules make it virtually impossible for third parties to gain traction, but also because Nader never devoted himself to the hard work of party-building. (Remember that billionaire Ross Perot, running as a third party candidate in 1992, didn't win a single electoral vote). Instead, Nader simply marginalized himself as a figure in American politics.Nader could have adapted another strategy that would have been more effective. Had he run in the Democratic Party primaries, he would have helped shape the debate and gotten considerable TV and radio air time on the debates. He wouldn't have won the nomination, but he could have helped strengthen the progressive wing within the party. This is the role Jesse Jackson played in 1988 and 1992.  During his 2000 campaign, Nader argued that there was virtually no difference between Democratic candidate Al Gore and Republican candidate George W. Bush. After the scandalous miscounting of votes in Florida, Bush "officially" beat Gore by 537 votes (out of more than 5.8 million cast), making it the closest presidential election in the state's history. This gave Bush Florida's 25 electoral college votes and, with the help of the Republican-dominated Supreme Court, the presidency.Nader garnered 97,488 votes in Florida. Some of Nader's supporters would have stayed home if he wasn't in the race, but most of them would otherwise have voted for Gore. A week before election day in November, when polls showed that Gore and Bush were running neck-and-neck, Nader should have announced that he was encouraging his supporters to vote for Gore in order to avoid a Bush victory. Had he done that, Gore would have beaten Bush by a significant margin.Yes, I know the well-worn don't-blame-Nader arguments: Had Gore run a better campaign in Florida, or even won his home state of Tennessee, he wouldn't have needed the Nader voters to win. The Florida Republicans -- led by Gov. Jeb Bush and Secretary of State Katherine Harris -- purged many eligible African Americans from the voting rolls, diminishing many likely Gore voters. All this may be true. But its also true, and more important, that Nader could have singlehandedly changed the outcome of the race, and of American history, by "releasing" his supporters to vote for Gore.In fact, many big Republican donors also contributed to Nader's campaign in order to help Nader divert votes away from Gore and tip the election to Bush. Their strategy worked. And it dramatically changed the direction of American politics.Had Gore won, progressives would no doubt have had reason to complain that he was compromising too much on a variety of economic, social, and environmental justice issues. We probably would have occasionally had to resort to protests outside the White House. But, with Gore as president, we would not have invaded Iraq, which has cost more than 3,795 American and over one million Iraqi lives, and the killing and chaos continues today. With Gore as president, we wouldn't have had the scandals and misdeeds that surrounded the Bush White House -- the tax cuts for the rich, the rollback of environmental regulations, the attack on science on issues like stem cells and global warming, the overwhelming influence of the energy industrial complex, the evisceration of consumer and workplace safety laws, the failure to respond to the victims of Katrina, and the appointment of Supreme Court justices that created a majority that opposes reproductive choice, voting rights, affirmative action, and workers rights. And, of course, we would have avoided the mortgage meltdown, the epidemic of foreclosures, and the resulting deep recession -- brought on by the failure to regulate the banking industry -- that continues to plague the country.We are all entitled to make mistakes. But when we do -- especially when our mistakes have enormous consequences that impact many other people -- we should acknowledge them so that we (and others) can learn from them.I don't know whether Nader (who turns 80 next month) feels any regret for his serious error in judgment in 2000. If so, he has never said say publicly.  Surely he must, on occasion, worry that when he dies, the opening paragraph of his obituary will more likely mention his role in electing George Bush than his decades-long crusades for economic and environmental justice. Although Nader seems unwilling to acknowledge his error, voters learned the right lesson. In 2000, Nader received 2,883,105 votes -- 2.74 percent of the popular vote nationwide. Four years later, he received 463,653 votes -- only 0.38 percent of the popular vote.I lament that Nader, once a hero to millions of Americans and a mentor to many activists, is now better-known for his political blunders. On my list of the worst Americans in recent history, I reserve most of my outrage for political bullies like Bush, Dick Cheney, Donald Rumsfeld, Phil Gramm, Newt Gingrich, Eric Cantor, Mitch McConnell,  the Koch brothers, and the corporate titans from Wall Street banks, Enron, Halliburton, Wal-Mart, Eli Lilly, and their ilk who abuse workers, consumers, and the environment and wield their political influence to enhance their own power and greed. But I have some anger left over for Ralph Nader, whose lifetime of citizen activism is now overshadowed by the enduring economic and environmental hardship, and the deaths and injuries of Americans and Iraqis, caused by George W. Bush's presidency.Peter Dreier is professor of Politics and chair of the Urban & Environmental Policy Department at Occidental College. His latest book is The 100 Greatest Americans of the 20th Century: A Social Justice Hall of Fame (Nation Books, 2012). A third edition of his book Place Matters: Metropolitics for the 21st Century (co-authored with John Mollenkopf and Todd Swanstrom) will be published later this year. 15.
url:http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2015/04/30/doubts-freddie-gray-injured-himself_n_7177356.html
title:Reporter Doubts Report Freddie Gray Injured Himself
author:Andrew Hart
time:04/30/2015  9:59 am EDT
content:A leaked police document that claims Freddie Gray was “intentionally trying to injure himself” while in the back of a police van in Baltimore after his arrest is being questioned due to inconsistencies with earlier reports.Gray died a week after his videotaped April 12 arrest due to injuries sustained under uncertain circumstances while in police custody, sparking protests in Baltimore and around the nation.The Washington Post reported on Wednesday night that a prisoner who was in the van with Gray allegedly told investigators he could hear Gray "banging against the walls" of the police vehicle, and said he believed Gray was "intentionally trying to injure himself," according to a document written by a Baltimore police investigator.The initial shock of the report quickly transitioned to uncertainty and skepticism after questions were raised over the details. WBAL's Jayne Miller told MSNBC that the Post’s story was “inconsistent with what we reported.”“We have reported for some time that by the time that prisoner is loaded into that van, Freddie Gray was unresponsive. Secondly we have no medical evidence that Freddie Gray suffered any injury that would indicate that he had injured himself,” Miller told MSNBC's Chris Hayes on Wednesday night.Gray was only in the van with the second prisoner for the final five minutes of the ride, Miller told Lawrence O’Donnell on Wednesday evening. There is “no evidence [Gray was] banging [his] head against van,” Miller tweeted. Jane Cook, an attorney for the Gray family, called the report “speculation” as she had seen no evidence supporting it.Jason Downs, another attorney of the Gray's, told the Post the prisoner's statement was new to them."We disagree with any implication that Freddie Gray severed his own spinal cord," Downs said. "We question the accuracy of the police reports we’ve seen thus far, including the police report that says Mr. Gray was arrested without force or incident."While the timeline of Gray’s arrest remains incomplete, Baltimore Police Commissioner Anthony Batts said that before the second prisoner was loaded into the van, an officer had to “pick [Gray] up off the floor and place him on the seat.” Police said he asked for medical attention at this point. He had earlier been placed in leg irons after an officer felt he was becoming "irate," police said.Police also admitted Gray was handcuffed but not secured with a seat belt while being transported.Miller also pointed out that on April 23, Commissioner Batts said that the second prisoner had said Gray was “mostly quiet.”Another issue that arose from the Post’s report was the fact that the second prisoner was unable to see Gray, as he would have been separated by a metal partition in the van. The prisoner who allegedly gave the account is in jail, and the Post has not been able to reach him for comment. His identity has been withheld. The affidavit obtained by the Post was in an application for a search warrant seeking the seizure of the uniform worn by one of the officers involved in the episode with Gray. The document is part of the investigation into Gray’s death, and the police investigator who wrote it is unnamed.As the Post notes, there is no other evidence supporting the purported claims of the second prisoner. There is no video of his time in the van either.As MSNBC’s Rachel Maddow said on Wednesday night, the leak to the Washington Post is the first information we have seen of the investigation into Gray’s death. “Leaks like this always serve somebody’s purpose,” Maddow said, “We have no idea who gave this to the Post.”Police have maintained that they do not know how Gray suffered the fatal injury, and have been joined in their investigation by the Justice Department. Police Commissioner Batts has admitted to mistakes in how Gray’s arrest was handled, saying he should have received medical attention and that he should have been secured while in the back of the police van.Baltimore residents  have been joined by others nationwide in their demands for answers of how what happened to Gray during and after his arrest on April 12 for a weapons charge. Gray was pinned down by the officers making the arrest, and then loaded into the police vehicle for transport while conscious. When he arrived at the station, a medic was called and Gray was taken to the hospital. He died a week later.  Gray “gave up without the use of force, “ Baltimore Deputy Police Commissioner Jerry Rodriguez said.  None of the six officers involved in the arrest described using force with Gray. A cell phone video showed officers dragging gray while handcuffed towards the police van. Video showed Gray on the ground conscious and talking, and police said he requested medical attention.The six officers involved with the arrest were suspended, and their names released last week. The police are to conclude their investigation into Gray’s arrest and death on May 1, and will then give the case to the state’s attorney office. Their findings will not be made public immediately.16.
url:http://www.huffingtonpost.com/steven-cohen/sustainable-consumption-a_b_3779108.html
title:Sustainable Consumption and the Technology of Sustainability
author:Steven Cohen
time:10/19/2013  5:12 am EDT
content:One of the consistent themes of many environmentalists is that we must reduce consumption and live more modest lives in tune with nature, if we are to promote a sustainable economic future. I do not believe that a frugal sustainability is either feasible or necessary. It's not feasible because with over seven billion people on the planet and a growing majority of them living in cities, it is too late to get back to the land and live as one with nature. There's too many of us, and not enough "nature" to go around. Sitting alone in the dark and eating bread and water doesn't sound too desirable either.  I am not arguing that our goal should be excessive consumption and wanton waste, but that it's too late to turn back the clock and live without technology.Instead, we need to use technology and human ingenuity to develop a new form of urban sustainability. This new form of urban sustainability will enable us to live spiritually and intellectually rich, meaningful and interesting lives, in cities that have learned to reduce their ecological and carbon impacts. The economic value of our consumption will grow as the material base of it will be reduced and be made more renewable and less toxic. This will require a shift in patterns of consumption and methods of producing goods and services, but it will not require a reduction in production and consumption. It is reasonable to see this vision as an unrealistic delusion. It may be a dream, but the idea that people will willingly reduce their consumption of electronic toys, food, travel, entertainment and everything else is an even deeper delusion. Moreover, the process of losing what people now have, or preventing developing nations from growing, would be politically destabilizing. In this age of terror and the rapid "advance" of the technology of destruction, mass economic deprivation could be extraordinarily dangerous.In my view, our only chance is a technological fix. Fortunately, that is something we spent most of the 19th and 20th centuries learning how to do. The economic opportunities and threats of the last two centuries were nearly all the result of technological advances, along with technological solutions to problems created by other technologies. Two examples of this process: (1.) We invented cars. People died in car accidents: We learned how to develop seat belts, air bags and safer cars and roads. (2.) We invented modern toilets and sewage systems to carry waste from our homes. Sewage polluted our water: We then learned how to treat sewage and reduce pollution in our rivers and lakes. The list goes on. The point is that we often fix the problems caused by technology by applying new technology; and we know how to apply technological fixes. On the other hand, each time the economy has contracted significantly, it has destabilized regimes and caused suffering, death and destruction. We do not know how to stop the economic merry-go-round, and I doubt we will ever learn how to do it.At the present time we do not know how to develop a sustainable economy or a sustainable city, but we need to figure out how to do it. In my view, it begins with the basics and the development of less destructive ways to build our settlements, grow our food, supply our water and generate our energy.Then we move on to personal consumption itself. Paying a personal trainer and using the facilities at a gym, is a less resource-intensive form of consumption than building an addition to your home, filling it with gym equipment and working out on your own. Investing in a geothermal home climate control system is less resource intensive than buying a gasoline powered home generator. These are all examples of consumption, but some are more sustainable than others.The connection between economic growth and technological development should not be understated. The economy of the 21st century is still emerging and while I would not predict its path, some of its parameters are obvious. First, it will be based on a set of technologies now being born: nanotech and biotech. Second, ecosystem well-being and the need for renewables, rather than one-time resources, will present both opportunities and constraints in our economy. The energy breakthroughs required to transition from fossil fuels to renewable energy will very likely be developed through applications of new technology to solar cells and energy-storing batteries. These technologies will be developed by an emerging public-private partnership between university-based research that is collaboratively funded and operated by government, nonprofit and private organizations. Such a partnership is now being planned by Cornell University for a new campus on Roosevelt Island in New York City. But Cornell is a decade behind SUNY, since this type of public-private partnership is already an established reality in upstate New York. Last week, my colleague Bill Eimicke and I were treated to a tour of a relatively new institution in Albany that provides a clear demonstration that such an enterprise is not only possible, but is already well underway. Bill and I visited the SUNY College of Nanoscale Science and Engineering  (CNSE) and met with Dr. Alain E. Kaloyeros, its visionary creator and CEO. We were given an extensive tour of the most amazing academic research complex I have ever seen. According to the College's website:"CNSE's Albany NanoTech Complex is a fully-integrated research, development, prototyping, and educational facility that provides strategic support through outreach, technology acceleration, business incubation, pilot prototyping, and test-based integration support for onsite corporate partners including IBM, Intel, GlobalFoundries, SEMATECH, Samsung, TSMC, Toshiba, Applied Materials, Tokyo Electron, ASML and Novellus Systems, as well as other "next generation" nanotechnology research activities." New York State has built an impressive new research institution that could well spark a high tech renaissance in upstate New York. Students attending this college are part of an unparalleled effort to create a new kind of learning-by-doing experience. As the College's website reports:"CNSE's more than $17 billion Albany NanoTech Complex totals 800,000 square feet of cutting-edge facilities with 80,000 square feet of 300mm wafer, class 1 capable cleanrooms, with more than 3,100 R&D jobs on site... NanoFab Xtension, an expansion now underway, part of which will house the world's first Global 450mm Consortium, will add nearly 500,000 square feet of next-generation infrastructure, an additional 60,000 square feet of Class 1 capable cleanrooms, and more than 1,000 scientists, researchers and engineers from CNSE and global corporations." The College has also built a solar energy lab in Halfmoon, New York, and a photovoltaic facility in Rochester, New York, and staff there are busy applying these breakthrough technologies to the development of solar cells. CNSE's expansion has been a major priority of New York Governor Andrew Cuomo and represents the kind of transformative institution that could provide the scientific base needed to spark the transition to a sustainable, renewable economy. It could also stimulate the long over-due revival of New York's long-dormant upstate economy. Almost two centuries ago, DeWitt Clinton, first as Mayor of New York City and then as Governor of New York State, created a public-private partnership to build the Erie Canal. Started in 1817 and completed in 1825, the canal made New York State and New York City an economic powerhouse. Today, Governor Cuomo and Mayor Michael Bloomberg have provided the leadership required to create the high-tech equivalent of the Erie Canal. The College of Nanoscale Science and Engineering provides a unique environment and set of high-tech services that many corporations cannot provide on their own. Companies pay for the services they receive, but just like the tolls on the Erie Canal, companies receive unique value for the funds they invest. The SUNY College of Nanoscale Science and Engineering is already demonstrating the economic potential of this partnership. Cornell's Roosevelt Island campus holds the potential to do the same. The impressive campus I saw last week Albany gives me great hope that we can develop the technology needed to build a sustainable economy.17.
url:http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2014/11/06/bryan-adams-vets-photography_n_6108314.html
title:Bryan Adams' Startling Photos Of Injured Vets Will Move You More Than Any Lovesick Song
author:Eleanor Goldberg
time:11/06/2014  9:59 am EST
content:You can probably belt out any number of Bryan Adams’ saccharine songs on command. But the enduring rock star wants you to remember an entirely different project of his. And it’s unlikely you’ll be able to forget this stunning body of work.Before he became a household name, the "Summer of 69" singer grew up in a military family where serving was an "Adams tradition," he told the Telegraph. Though he never enlisted, Adams always retained his respect for veterans, which was what drove him to photograph 40 severely injured British vets who served in Iraq and Afghanistan.  Marine Joe Townsend lost both legs to an IED in AfghanistanThe 54-year-old started toying with photography back in the late '90s while on tour and he’s become a venerable force in the field. His startling images of servicemen and servicewoman who have sustained devastating wounds were compiled into a book, Wounded: The Legacy of War, which was published last year.The images will be featured on public display for the first time in the UK at the Somerset House later this month. Cpl. Simon Brown was blinded by gunfire in Iraq.  Since 2001, 589 members of the U.K. armed forces and civilians died in Iraq and Afghanistan and 836 have been seriously injured. An unknown number of personnel have suffered mental health issues after deploying, the Guardian reported. Still, members of Parliament have warned that many wounded veterans aren’t getting the care they need to battle post-traumatic stress disorder, alcohol addiction and other plaguing issues. They fear that as the wars "fade from the public eye" so will the critical long-term care that these struggling vets need.Cpl. Hannah Campbell was blinded in one eye, and her womb was damaged in Iraq. Her left leg was eventually amputated. Adams feels particularly connected to the British military because both his grandfathers and father served in the country’s Army, according to the Somerset House. But once his dad started working for the U.N., Adams' family lived in the Middle East, Portugal and Austria, and he eventually moved to Canada after his parents divorced. "I think if we had lived in the U.K., there’s a good chance the Army would have been part of our lives," Adams told the Telegraph of himself and his brother. Failing to honor these servicemen and servicewomen’s sacrifices is of major concern to Adams, who is against military interventions. "I want people to remember these soldiers and I want them to remember the consequences of wars. I hope the seriously wounded won’t be forgotten," the singer told the paper.A bomb took Rifleman Craig Wood's legs and part of his left arm in Afghanistan.  ITN journalist Caroline Froggatt first approached Adams about the portrait project in 2008 and the book came together after four years of shooting, according to the Independent. It costs 50 British pounds (about $80) and proceeds will support the following veteran organizations: Blesma, Blind Veterans UK, Combat Stress, SSAFA and War Child.H/T BuzzFeed Like Us On Facebook   Follow Us On Twitter 18.
url:http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2014/02/26/paul-eaton-dick-cheney_n_4859068.html
title:Major General Criticizes Dick Cheney For Attacking Obama On Foreign Policy
author:Paige Lavender
time:02/27/2014 10:59 am EST
content:Major General Paul D. Eaton criticized former Vice President Dick Cheney for hitting President Barack Obama on foreign policy.On Monday, Cheney criticized a proposal that called for shrinking the Army to its smallest size in 74 years, saying it would do "long-term damage to our military."“And I think the whole thing is not driven by any change in world circumstances, it is driven by budget considerations," Cheney said. "[Obama] would much rather spend the money on food stamps than he would on a strong military or support for our troops.”Cheney failed to note that military families redeemed more than $100 million in food stamps on military bases in 2013.During a phone interview with SiriusXM Progress, Eaton slammed Cheney for his comments considering his role in Iraq."Vice President Cheney is one of the architects of the worst foreign policy disaster of the 21st century," Eaton said. "We're young, but the decision to attack Iraq, and to do so in such an incompetent manner, does not give him a platform to say anything about the foreign policy under execution today.""Vice President Cheney is who he is. It's unfortunate that he has not followed the guidance and the model of his former boss, President Bush, and gone off quietly to write his memoir," Eaton also said.Listen to Eaton's comments on SiriusXM Progress below:19.
url:http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/10/08/sexist-politician-quotes_n_4038199.html
title:Hey Politicians, It's The 21st Century. Time To Stop Being Sexist Idiots.
author:Todd Van Luling
time:10/08/2013 12:09 pm EDT
content:We're more than a decade into the 21st century, and politicians are apparently still having a hard time understanding that sexism just doesn't fly. As you'll see below, members of both parties have been responsible for these gross soundbites, though the party breakdown may help us understand why the GOP continues to struggle in particular with female voters.Just so we're clear: It's not appropriate to make creepy remarks about the appearance of female colleagues, or to air terribly false theories about the science of the female anatomy. For more on what not to do, just take a look at the comments below.How Not To Describe The First Lady"She lectures us on eating right while, she has a large posterior herself."Rep. Jim Sensenbrenner (R-Wis.) in 2011, talking about the First Lady Michelle Obama's butt while attempting to denounce her dietary initiatives.Congress Finally Reaches An Agreement“We in the Senate refer to Senator Gillibrand as the hottest member.”Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.) in 2010, remarking on the appearance of Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand (D-N.Y.) at an event held by New York City Mayor Bloomberg. To make matters more uncomfortable, Gillibrand was in attendance.Would Anybody Say This To A Male Anchor?"Carol, you’re beautiful, but you have to be honest as well."Rep. Todd Rokita (R-Ind.) in 2013, addressing news anchor Carol Costello, during a live appearance on CNN. While discussing the government shutdown, Rokita did some "mansplaining" to Costello, frequently throwing in references to her young age or addressing her by her first name when asking a rhetorical question.What A Kind Gesture Of Respect"I'm going to treat you like a lady ... now act like one."Then-Sen. Arlen Specter (D-Pa.) in 2010, while debating Rep. Michele Bachmann (R-Minn.) on the Dom Giordano radio show. Specter became frustrated when he felt Bachmann was talking over him and ended up making this belittling statement. Bachmann replied, "I am a lady."Boys Will Be Boys. And Sexual Predators."The young folks coming in to each of your services are anywhere from 17 to 22 or 23. Gee whiz, the hormone level created by nature sets in place the possibility for these types of things to occur."Sen. Saxby Chambliss (R-Ga.) in 2013, during a hearing on the sexual assault crisis in the armed forces. Chambliss was accused of excusing rape and assault as nothing more than young hormones running their course in nature.A Legitimate Classic"If it’s a legitimate rape, the female body has ways to try to shut that whole thing down."Rep. Todd Akin (R-Mo.) in 2012, while getting through a television interview in St. Louis during his campaign for Senate. The statement effectively cost Akin the race, and ultimately his congressional career.So, You're A Scientist Now?"Before, when my friends on the left side of the aisle here tried to make rape and incest the subject -- because, you know, the incidence of rape resulting in pregnancy are very low."Rep. Trent Franks (R-Ariz.) in 2013, arguing against a Democratic amendment that would provide exceptions for rape and incest into a Republican anti-abortion bill.Hillary Clinton A "Fatal Attraction"? "Glenn Close should have just stayed in the tub."Rep. Steve Cohen, (D-Tenn.) in 2008, comparing Clinton, then a presidential candidate, to Close's violent, wronged character in "Fatal Attraction." The movie has been accused of depicting feminists as "witches." Cohen later apologized publicly for his remarks.Isn't Life Just One Big Matter Of Convenience?"'Life of the Mother?' Your own argument proves it is a matter of convenience!"Missouri state Sen. Brian Nieves (R) in 2013, seriously arguing that abortions shouldn't be allowed in instances in which the mother's life may be at risk. Those were just matters of convenience, Nieves suggested.Image: APWhy Men Should Make More Money Than Women"Money is more important for men. Take a hypothetical husband and wife who are both lawyers. But the husband is working 50 or 60 hours a week, going all out, making 200 grand a year. The woman takes time off, raises kids, is not "go go go." Now they're 50 years old. The husband is making 200 grand a year, the woman is making 40 grand a year. It wasn't discrimination. There was a different sense of urgency in each person."Wisconsin state Sen. Glenn Grothman (R) in 2012, referring to his vote to repeal an equal pay law designed to fight income discrimination among between men and women.Emotional Women Would Put Our Country At Risk"I think that could be a very compromising situation, where people naturally may do things that may not be in the interest of the mission, because of other types of emotions that are involved."Former Sen. Rick Santorum (R-Pa.) in 2012, making the comment to CNN's John King when asked whether he believed women should have a broader door opened to them for possibilities in combat. Santorum later clarified by saying he simply meant that "men have emotions when you see a woman in harm's way."When Asked How Education In America Became So Mediocre..."I think both parents started working. And the mom is in the work place."Mississippi Gov. Phil Bryant (R) in 2013, suggesting the education system was better off when women were housewives. Understanding the controversial nature of what he'd said, Bryant then went on to say that “both parents are so pressured” to work in the modern family.Image: APAnd Finally, General Of The Dick Armey"I'm so glad you can never be my wife because I surely wouldn't have to listen to that prattle from you every day."Former House Majority Leader Dick Armey (R-Texas) in 2009, saying this to Joan Walsh, a fellow panelist on MSNBC's "Hardball," while debating government stimulus.BONUS: Sexism already emerging on the 2016 Presidential Campaign TrailPopular buttons at @CAGOP convention already take on @hillaryclinton #2016 in a big way... Ouch!! pic.twitter.com/3SdIqZs7GG— Carla Marinucci (@cmarinucci) October 6, 2013All images from Getty unless otherwise noted.20.
url:http://www.huffingtonpost.com/shashi-tharoor/chinas-silk-road-revival-history_b_5983456.html
title:China's Silk Road Revival -- and the Fears It Stirs -- Are Deeply Rooted in the Country's History
author:Shashi Tharoor
time:12/14/2014  5:59 am EST
content:NEW DELHI - The phrase "Silk Road" evokes a romantic image -- half history, half myth -- of tented camel caravans winding their way across the trackless deserts and mountains of Central Asia. But the Silk Road is not just part of a fabled past; it is an important feature of China's current foreign policy.The historical Silk Road comprised an overland and a maritime route, both of which facilitated the transfer to Europe of South and East Asian goods and ideas, from Chinese tea to inventions like paper, gunpowder and the compass, as well as cultural products like Buddhist scripture and Indian music. Likewise, the Silk Road -- primarily the overland route, which also passed through the Arab world to Europe -- gave China access to Indian astronomy, plants and herbal medicines, while introducing it to the Buddhist and Islamic faiths.Thanks to Chinese Admiral Zheng He, who steered his naval fleet across the Indian Ocean seven times in the early fifteenth century, the Chinese wok became the favorite cooking vessel of women in the southwestern Indian state of Kerala. Chinese fishing nets still dot the waters off Kochi.In 1411, Zheng erected a stone tablet -- translated into Chinese, Persian, and Tamil -- near the Sri Lankan coastal town of Galle, with an inscription appealing to the Hindu gods to bless his efforts to build a peaceful world based on trade and commerce. Six hundred years later, Chinese President Xi Jinping is espousing a similar goal -- only he is appealing to political leaders throughout Europe and Asia to advance his cause.In September of last year, in a speech at Kazakhstan's Nazarbayev University, Xi announced the so-called "Silk Road Economic Belt," a new foreign-policy initiative aimed at boosting international cooperation and joint development throughout Eurasia. To guide the effort, Xi identified five specific goals: strengthening economic collaboration, improving road connectivity, promoting trade and investment, facilitating currency conversion and bolstering people-to-people exchanges.The following month, the other shoe dropped. Xi, addressing Indonesia's Parliament, called for the re-establishment of the old sea networks to create a twenty-first century "maritime Silk Road" to foster international connectivity, scientific and environmental research and fishery activities.Chinese Premier Li Keqiang subsequently reiterated that goal at the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit, and again at the East Asia Summit last year. Since then, the establishment of a modern overland and maritime Silk Road has become official Chinese policy, endorsed by the Communist Party and the National People's Congress.Xi has emphasized that the goal of the Silk Road economic initiative is to revive ancient ties of friendship in the contemporary globalized world. But he undoubtedly has a domestic motive as well, rooted in the growing prosperity gap between eastern and western China.The concentration of economic activity in the cities and special economic zones of the east has generated energy-supply and environmental constraints and bottlenecks that are hampering China's ability to achieve the sustainable, inclusive growth that it needs to attain high-income status. The government hopes that the Silk Road initiative will make China's west and southwest regions the engines of the next phase of the country's development.Nonetheless, the initiative's international dimension remains the most relevant -- and complex. Chinese diplomats have pointed to a constellation of mechanisms and platforms built or strengthened in recent years that could help maximize its impact. These include the Shanghai Cooperation Organization; the Bangladesh-China-India-Myanmar Corridor; the China-Pakistan Economic Corridor; the Chinese-built Yuxinou Railway from Chongqing to Germany (and onward to north European ports); and the new and incipient energy corridors between China and Central Asia, as well as Myanmar.Moreover, China has established the New Development Bank with its fellow BRICS members (Brazil, Russia, India and South Africa) and the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank -- institutions that will undoubtedly benefit from China's enormous investible surplus. Given China's prominent role in both, they could easily be used to provide financing for Silk Road-related programs.But, though China may not struggle to finance its Silk Road ambitions, it is likely to face political resistance -- especially with regard to the maritime route. At a time when China's assertive stance in the South and East China Seas is provoking anxiety among its neighbors -- including Japan, Vietnam, the Philippines and Singapore -- the Silk Road initiative has aroused significant geopolitical apprehension.In fact, these fears have a strong historical basis. Zheng's expeditions involved the use of military force in present-day Indonesia, Malaysia, Sri Lanka and India to install friendly rulers and control strategic choke points across the Indian Ocean. He intervened in the dynastic politics of Sri Lanka and Indonesia, abducting and executing local rulers. He even seized the relic of the tooth of Buddha, a symbol of Sri Lankan political sovereignty.The countries along Zheng's route therefore recall his adventures not just as initiatives to promote trade and establish commercial links, but also as direct military intervention in their affairs, under the pretext of ushering in a harmonious world order under China's emperor. Reminding them of this painful past may not be entirely in China's interest.This is not to say that the modern Silk Road would benefit only China. On the contrary, its overland and maritime routes could attract considerable investment to participating countries -- especially from China, as it seeks new avenues for deploying its vast reserves. But the modern Silk Road's establishment will also mark a step toward reinvigorating the ancient Chinese concept of tianxia, in which the Chinese emperor was considered the divinely appointed ruler of the entire known world.Many Asians still remember Japanese efforts before and during World War II to create a "Greater East Asia Co-Prosperity Sphere" -- a self-sufficient bloc of countries, under Japan's leadership -- through conquest. Might China be on a similar -- albeit less openly aggressive -- path?This piece also appeared on Project Syndicate.© Project Syndicate, 2014    21.
url:http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2015/03/06/biden-climate-change-vice_n_6812712.html
title:Biden: Denying Climate Change 'Like Denying Gravity'
author:Alana Horowitz
time:03/06/2015  8:59 am EST
content:Vice President Joe Biden took a strong stance against climate change deniers in an interview with VICE founder Shane Smith. The interview is part of VICE's documentary series, which airs on HBO and is premiering its third season on Friday. The first episode, titled "Our Rising Oceans," will focus on sea level rise. "It gets to the point where you can't look anyone in the eye seriously and say, well, it's nothing having to do with manmade," he said.Reacting to members of Congress who deny climate change is real, Biden said, "It's almost like denying gravity now... the willing suspension of disbelief can only be sustained for so long."Watch Biden's interview in the clip above and catch the full episode at 11 p.m. ET on HBO. 22.
url:http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2014/09/18/cory-booker-nfl_n_5837716.html
title:Cory Booker: Revoke NFL's Nonprofit Status, Give The Funds To Domestic Abuse Prevention
author:Robbie Couch
time:09/18/2014  5:59 pm EDT
content:The NFL continues to be the world's most valuable athletics league, raking in an estimated $9 billion in revenue last year. It also happens to be a nonprofit.In response to the league's controversial handling of video footage showing NFL player Ray Rice physically assaulting his then-fiancée, Janay Palmer,  Sen. Cory Booker (D-N.J.) introduced a bill on Tuesday that would remove the NFL's tax-exempt status and allocate those funds toward domestic abuse prevention programs instead, according to NJ.com."Stopping domestic violence is a national priority that requires long-term, meaningful investment," Booker said in a statement, Politico reported. "This common sense update to our tax laws would save more than $100 million over 10 years -- money that can instead be used to pay for vital support programs that have seen their funding slashed in recent years due to sequestration and gridlock."Sen. Maria Cantwell (D-Wash.) wants the tax exemption gone, too, but for a different reason: The league's refusal to make owner Dan Snyder drop the derogatory term "Redskins" from the Washington, D.C., team. On Tuesday, Sen. Cantwell also announced a plan to introduce legislation that would eliminate tax exemption for the NFL, saying the league "needs to join the rest of Americans in the 21st century," The Washington Post reported.Sen. Tom Coburn (R-Okla.) isn't satisfied with the status quo, either. "Taxpayers are losing $10 million a year subsidizing these tax loopholes for professional sports leagues that generate billions of dollars annually in profits," Sen. Coburn told CNBC on Saturday. He sponsored 2013's "PRO Sports Act," which would repeal tax-exempt status for certain professional sports leagues. The bill is currently in the Finance Committee. The league's classification as a nonprofit may spark some to question how, exactly, that can be, when NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell earned a reported $44.2 million in 2012, according to NJ.com. According to the organization, the league falls under nonprofit status because its administrative office acts as a trade organization, handling responsibilities like overseeing game rules and employing referees -- not contributing to profitable efforts by the league's 32 teams, which pay taxes on tickets, jersey sales and television rights -- ABC News reported. The Professional Golfers Association (PGA) and National Hockey League (NHL), two substantially less valuable leagues compared to the NFL, are also currently considered trade organizations, thus giving them tax-exemption status. The National Basketball Association (NBA), however, has always been a for-profit business, and Major League Baseball (MLB) gave up its tax-exempt status in 1997.  Like Us On Facebook   Follow Us On Twitter 23.
url:http://www.huffingtonpost.com/yasamin-beitollahi/celebrating-iranian-american-women-on-international-womens-day_b_6793030.html
title:Celebrating Iranian-American Women On International Women's Day
author:Yasamin Beitollahi
time:05/06/2015  5:59 am EDT
content:Celebrated globally on March 8th, International Women's Day represents an opportunity to celebrate the achievements of inspirational women while calling for greater equality. It is in this spirit that I would like to highlight the acts of courage and determination by these seven extraordinary women who have played an extraordinary role in the history of their communities. In many countries around the world, women remain an untapped economic potential. According to the International Labor Organization, there are 812 million women living in developing countries with the potential to contribute more fully to their economies. Furthermore, there is a direct correlation between the policies in place to support women, the opportunities available to women and women's success in business. How do you think empowering women has the potential to shape society? -- Gew.coNikmanesh: Shaping a society is directly related to creating a balance.  Creating a true understanding among both genders that assuming "roles" assigned to us by the norms dictated by society only creates a predisposition to further believing or the illusion  that deviating from these roles would throw the society into an imbalance. And hence stalling us from expressing the desire to explore, experience and expand. Ravanbach: Empowering women has a direct effect on their earning power and economic freedom.  This freedom, In turn, allows a woman to not only make decisions that better her personal living standards but it also allows a woman to raise the next generation of children with a different perspective than what was, perhaps, handed down to them.  This is of utmost importance in developing countries where the models of power have been etched in stone mostly by laws that limit the socioeconomic fluidity for women.  The generational benefits of economic freedom are long term, as are the benefits of having a diverse working force where women can contribute to the larger picture of helping emerging countries have a voice as international players. I recently started a second branch of my business in the middle east and a greater majority of my working incentive has been partnering up with women and contributing to their economic freedom.  Giving these women the opportunity to run and establish their own careers will eventually shift the models and policies that have made them, for a lack of a better word, second hand citizens.  And nothing makes me more proud than watching these girls roll up their sleeves and take their futures into their own hands. Women still represent only five of Fortune 500 CEOs. And more worrisome is that the number has been stagnant for a decade. What do you believe is the solution? -- Sheryl SandbergAkhlaghi: I believe that the untapped economic potential we discussed in developing countries, can also be witnessed in mature economic markets. The fact that women represent five percent of the Fortune 500 CEOs, directly points to the lack of strong networks and support systems for women. A new study released by the Global Entrepreneurship Development Institute (GEDI), and funded by Dell, evaluated 30 economies considered developed or developing. The results of the study showed that more than 75 percent of these countries failed to meet the fundamental conditions necessary for females to prosper in business environments. The study went on to identify the favorable conditions needed to enable women to thrive in those same environments. Key recommendations were to "implement support programs to activate the growth of high-potential women" and furnish "leadership training." Linking women at the top with women seeking to move up in the direction of CEO, is critical. Mentor/mentee relationships are vital to the process. It is smart business to invest in the woman. It's sound thinking for the workplace community.Ansary: Given the obvious severity of this imbalance, the problem and solution appear to two-fold: First and foremost is the fact that gender parity continues to be framed and looked upon predominately as a "woman's issue." This form of stereotyping not only places the primary responsibility for closing the gender gap on women, but also continues to perpetuate the male/female divide in the professional arena. Another factor is that many men, and in some cases even women in leadership positions perpetuate this cycle by subscribing to encrusted beliefs regarding the sexes. Therefore, a vital component in bridging the gender gap centers on a concerted effort to identify and shatter the ongoing stereotypes typically held in the workplace.Rezaei: The solution starts with our children. We raise little girls to think they need to be pretty princesses and well-mannered instead of placing more emphasis on their leadership skills, their math and engineering skills and their hard skills. This problem is not only perpetuated by parents from the moment their child is born but it is also heavily emphasized by the media. True change can only happen if we provide amazingly strong role models in cartoons, toys, and every day environments for both boys and girls. Women doctors, lawyers, engineers, astronauts, carpenters and scientists go on to become amazing business leaders and CEOs. We need to normalize the image of the professional woman in any industry and we need to normalize the image of the woman CEO. This way, girls have something to work towards and know their value and worth to be about all they can contribute to this world and men can also envision that same world. It's important to include and educate both genders on these issues.You have reached great heights in your career. What has inspired you most?Ansary: My inspiration and motivation has been, and continues to be highlighting the exceptional contributions of Iranian women throughout history. But more importantly, to shed light on the plight of women living in Iran today, who continue to fight an uphill battle and demonstrate their resilience in the face of adversity with remarkable courage, grace and dignity. I am humbled and grateful to reconnect with the history of women in my country of origin, and it is my hope that I will be able to contribute in some small way to their ongoing struggle for empowerment. Khatami: As a teenager growing up in an era of revolution in Iran, I truly empathized with the impoverished young generation striving for better opportunities in life. While we were all searching for social and political ideologies leading to life-changing social reforms and higher standards of living, I learned that the foundation for change stands on love and compassion for humanity. The love was there, but the question was how to overcome the obstacles of ignorance and poverty? Education seemed to be the answer I was looking for, the key to rising above the socioeconomic issues. It was only then that I set a personal goal to establish a non-profit organization with the mission of providing the noble gift of education for underprivileged children. Many years of volunteering and community service led me to the right group of individuals with a similar vision. Our team effort resulted in a dream come true, an establishment called Children's Hope International Literacy and Development (C.H.I.L.D.), an organization dedicated to promoting education among disadvantaged children.Nikmanesh: The desire to learn, grow and explore.  To prove to myself that it is all about mind over matter. As one of my idols, Audrey Hepbourn" once put it: "Nothing is impossible, the word itself says 'I'm possible"What is your proudest achievement to date?Akhlaghi: On the International front, it would be consulting with United Nations Development Fund for Women (UNIFEM) out of Jordan. My staff and I were tasked with developing and leading trainings focused on the expansion of the women's and children's rights in Iraq. The results were notable and the stories have left a permanent mark on my heart. On the domestic front, it would be the creation and shepherding of the first civil and human rights organization dedicated to representing legal the rights of the Middle-Eastern, Muslim, South Asian and North African communities after 9/11. Ravanbach: My proudest achievement has been building the brand outside the United States, in the Middle East (the place I was born). This has given me the ability to give back to the women in my community.  In cultures where segregation occurs on a daily basis, women have coalesced and found their own voice almost out of necessity. The girls in my team, who have with the support of their families broken the mold and have taken the steps to educate themselves and dive in with ambition and excitement into this business, inspire me.Rezaei: I was completely unaware of the gender equality gap as I have a very enlightened and progressive father who at a young age told me I was equal to my brother and treated me the same. I studied computer science engineering and out of the 55 students who were in my CS class, only three were girls. I never noticed, as I was too busy trying to do well in school. Only recently have I learned about the devastating statistics. I think those in strong positions need to do something about it. That's why the cartoons we create now have strong female role models and strong female characters, such as Sharhzad in our series 1001 Nights and a new preschool show about two silly, active sisters Lili and Lola. I think it's important to start with our kids, both boys and girls and for everyone to actively lend a hand to raise awareness and make a difference.Studies show that historically women have reported a more difficult time finding mentors than men do, which has led to a number of mentoring networks aimed specifically at connecting women with female mentors. How has your experience with a mentor helped you?Akhlaghi: Joan Ehrlich, the former District Director of the EEOC, was my lightforce, friend and collaborator. She passed away in January 2008, over seven years ago. I still hear her words, warm and encouraging. She provided a safe space where I could confide in her with anything, from personal to public matters. I knew her counsel was without agenda and always for the betterment of the whole. She introduced me to key leaders in the civil rights community and did so generously. Her door was always open to me. Though she marched with Martin Luther King, stood for the rights of those being discriminated against in the workplace and elsewhere, raised two children who are remarkably contributory to society, she was always a lady. She exemplified the essence of female power. Bold, elegant, nurturing, and unstoppable. She made reinventing once, several times during a lifetime, a natural by-product of growth. Always hungry for knowledge and never short on conversation. She was always ready to help in the moment, be it pulling out her during a meeting to make the call, send the email or bridge the divide. Things didn't wait until tomorrow for Joan. I have deliberately intended to adopt the many skills she naturally brought with her to every encounter. The most important skill I adopted from Joan is to be a mentor to other women coming up after me. I cherish those relationships. Rezaei: Mentors and role models are so important. I have been very lucky to have many mentors and I also do a lot of mentoring myself now. My mentors have really inspired me and continue to do so and whenever I am in a difficult situation, I ask myself, what would this person do? It is helpful to visualize that and then to decide what I will do. It is especially important for women to have strong mentors, to build their networks and contacts, and this is something men are traditionally stronger in.  Torabi: More than mentorship, I've relied on modeling to help me advance in my professional career. I identify people I admire -- even if just from afar -- and study them closely to learn their steps, habits, beliefs... for the inspiration and guidance I need in my own career. And it's worked!As far as gender equality, we need men to support this important cause because, frankly, gender equality is not just a 'women's' issue. It impacts everyone. When women have more rights, everybody wins -- men, women, families, businesses, countries, everyone.As an Iranian-American woman and an advocate of gender equality, why do you feel it is crucial for men to support gender equality?Ansary: Without a doubt, a crucial ingredient for women achieving full equality centers on the support of men. That is, one of the greatest obstacles for women has been and continues to be the behavior and attitude among men -- many of whom unfortunately discriminate against women in the public sphere. Women continue to collide with the "glass ceiling" in the sense that they are victims of sexual harassment in the work environment, and in many instances earn less for doing the same work as their male counterparts. Contributing to such challenges has been taking into account the role of women as mothers. That is, despite the fact that so many working women contribute to their household income, they continue to be looked upon as primary caregivers in the domestic sphere.  This dual burden undoubtedly impacts the ongoing quest for equality. Therefore, a significant component in achieving full equality rests on men dispensing absolutist notions regarding perceived gender roles both in the public and private domain.Khatami: As an Iranian-American woman, I strongly believe that it is crucial for men to support gender equality. Men have been programmed for centuries to believe that women's main focus in life must be home management, motherhood and child-care. Unfortunately in the recent decades, there has been  a reverse shift in the culture of Middle-Eastern countries, reinforcing a more primitive perspective toward women, in light of current world affairs. Values derived from religious fanaticism are misconceived as cultural or traditional ways of life. Despite that notion, men living in the modern world need to understand that gender equality do not translate into overwhelming expectations imposed on women to produce extra income for the household, as well as carrying on domestic duties.  On the road to gender equality, men need to think and act in new ways.  They need to reconsider the definition of manhood, reshape their relationships with their wives and daughters, and essentially share responsibilities with women at all levels. Ravanbach: I encourage women to never even question their right to be at the table.  I have been lucky enough to have never lacked a confidence in my capacity and ability to contribute fully and perhaps in some cases even more than my counterparts.  The innate confidence is a must.  Sheryl Sandberg is most famous for advising women to lean in by "sitting at the table" in an effort to assert themselves as someone who deserves to be there and be recognized as a part of the meeting or conversation at hand. What is one piece of similar advice that you would give to other women to become empowered in the workplace?Akhlaghi: Know your voice is a critical contribution. Trust that what you have to express is needed and wanted. Believe that you will be heard.  Khatami: My best advice is, "Be a gentle rock." Gender equality is often misconceived as being tough, aggressive and viciously competitive, qualities that may actually hinder progress and growth.  Women are naturally attributed with softness, kindness, giving and compassion. When these qualities are combined with strength, focus and ambition, the ultimate leadership style is achieved. It is similar to the concept of ying and yang, a balance between feminine and masculine roles, which is essentially the key to success in all aspects of life for both women and men. Nikmanesh: Not to be intimidated by the potential consequences of standing up for what they believe in, what's right and what's fair. Believe in yourself, Remain confident, Speak up and do not back away for the fear of being labeled, retaliated against or being treated as an outcast. Be fair, be open-minded and objective but keep in mind that "Well-behaved women seldom make history" Laurel Thatcher Ulrich. Torabi: Remember: You don't get what you deserve. You get what you negotiate. If you want something -- from a higher salary to better hours to a promotion -- speak up and let it be known.With respect to finding a mentor in your profession, do you think gender makes a difference? Based on your experience, would you recommend that others pick a female mentor, male mentor, or one of each?Khatami: For me personally, as a first generation Iranian-American woman, having a female mentor with a similar background as myself was a real bonus. It made me feel that it is possible to achieve balance between home demands, work and community voluntarism. However, I don't necessarily believe that gender should be the key factor in choosing the right mentor. Depending on the field of study, a mentor should be selected based on their knowledge and experience, as well as their willingness and ability to teach and share.In the wake of Malala Yousafzai receiving the Nobel Peace Prize, bringing attention to girls' and women's rights in other countries becomes particularly important. In your opinion and experience, how can this help to advance women's rights in other cultures and societies?Ansary: Just a few years ago Malala Yousafzai was an unknown figure. Today, she is the youngest recipient of the Nobel Peace Prize. In so many ways, Malala is the perfect example of how one voice has the potential to make a profound difference. She is a shinning beacon of hope, and her fearless determination has placed the education of girls at the top of the global development agenda. One girl, who momentarily dared to defy, has forever illuminated the eternal torch of courage.Rezaei: These are issues that plague even the most mod24.
url:http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2015/05/14/megyn-kelly-amtrak-crash-politicizing-_n_7283120.html
title:Megyn Kelly Tears Into Critics Who Say Amtrak Crash Was An Infrastructure Failure
author:Catherine Taibi
time:05/14/2015  5:59 pm EDT
content:Fox News’ Megyn Kelly finds it absurd that people are blaming the Amtrak crash in Philadelphia on inadequate infrastructure funding when there is proof that this particular train was traveling at 106 miles an hour -- more than double the speed limit. "There has been a predictable but no less despicable rush to turn this crash into a political talking point," Kelly said at the start of "The Kelly File" Wednesday night.In a heated segment, Kelly slammed Democrats and other critics who she said immediately jumped to point the finger at insufficient Amtrak funding and Republican spending priorities, while ignoring the facts of the crash.Kelly specifically called out Rep. Steve Israel (D-N.Y.), who earlier on Wednesday had directly blamed Congress for the crash. Israel said lawmakers had "failed" Americans by not investing in transportation. “Who failed them?” Kelly exclaimed. “The engineer was going twice the speed limit ... Why aren't we talking about him? How exactly did the infrastructure fail?”