1.
url:http://www.huffingtonpost.com/david-gosset/chinas-grand-strategy-the_b_6433434.html
title:China's Grand Strategy: The New Silk Road
author:David Gosset
time:03/10/2015  5:59 am EDT
content:The contrast is striking: on one side, the 2016 U.S. presidential elections are already absorbing Washington's energy, the European Union is in an urgent need of decisive leadership and a series of severe crises are eroding Russia's power. On the other side, China, rapidly regaining a position of centrality, is developing a new grand strategy with a global vision.
Far from being an empty rhetorical effect, Xi Jinping's New Silk Road will not only be one of the most discussed topics of 2015, but it will profoundly mark China's coming decade and reshape Eurasia.
Backed by massive financial investments coming from the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank and the Silk Road Fund, "the Silk Road Economic Belt", first announced on the occasion of a visit in Kazakhstan six months after Xi Jinping became China's President, and "the 21st Century Maritime Silk Road" are symbols of 21st century China and constitute for the Eurasian actors a historical opportunity.
"Global China" is certainly one of the features defining the Chinese renaissance, the country's opening up creates conditions in which the world impacts the Chinese society but an open China projects also herself globally, Xi's New Silk Road vision, reminiscent of the Tang dynasty's dynamics, illustrates this movement.
Some observers can point out that Beijing's renewed focus on the Eurasian continent can be seen, in geopolitical terms, as an answer to the U.S. pivot to Asia initiated by the Obama administration, however, the New Silk Road should not be interpreted as a tactical scheme to counter other forces, it simply complements "a new type of major-power relationship" which characterizes the China/U.S. bilateral relations.
The People's Republic of China, soon the world's largest economy, is aware that with power comes responsibility -- and vice versa. In a sense, the New Silk Road can be understood as a Marshall Plan with Chinese characteristics, it reassures the Middle Country's neighbors, contributes to their growth and places them in a system designed by Beijing.
Xi's grand diplomacy has the advantage to envelop China's West, Xinjiang, one sixth of China's territory, de facto at the center of the Eurasian continent, is a key element of the Silk Road Economic Belt. Infrastructure projects, trade, innovative public/private partnerships will transform China's most Western region into an international platform and take it simultaneously closer to Shanghai, Turkey and Europe.
It would be for China's first trading partner, the European Union, strategic blindness to miss the opportunities offered by Xi's proposal, a vision whose scope goes far beyond the Shanghai Cooperation Organization. 2015, year of the 40th anniversary of the China-EU relations, can mark a new departure for the relations between the two edges of Eurasia.
While the China-EU 2020 Strategic Agenda and the negotiations on an investment agreement are positive developments, the EU's new trio, Jean-Claude Juncker, the President of the European Commission, Donald Tusk, the President of the European Council and Federica Mogherini, the High Representative of the EU for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy, should respond adequately to the New Silk Road initiative with a sense of historical responsibilities and the common destiny of Eurasians as a strategic horizon. If they fail to do so, they would take the risk to isolate the EU from a major trend which will, in any case, with the political determination and the economic might of Beijing change Eurasia.
A Sino-European Silk Road Fund could be a complementary mechanism to finance large projects -- from infrastructure to education -- serving the shared vision of a peaceful and prosperous Eurasia. An ambitious trade agreement between the EU and China would complement the efforts to facilitate commercial exchanges across the Atlantic and across the Pacific.
Italy, where the Silk Road has a unique significance, Germany, the country of Ferdinand Richthofen the geographer who coined the term "Seidenstrasse" and France, especially apt to conceive a bold and independent policy toward China, can push the European Union to seize the New Silk Road moment. Rome, Berlin and Paris will certainly get the full support of Eastern Europe whose history and culture are, through the Eurasian continuities, connected with Central Asia.
Eurasia is under the immediate threat of a territorialized terrorism that will not be defeated with drones, killing machines which, on the contrary,  generate infinite hatred and fuel radicalism. The New Silk Road, addressing the long term needs of economic and social progress, creates the conditions to eliminate the roots of extremism.
Moreover, enhanced EU/China synergies in the framework of the New Silk Road are an invitation addressed to Russia, indispensable nexus in a continental cooperation network, to act as a co-architect of a 21st century Eurasia.
Japan, a nation confronting multiple crises but which is still the world's third largest economy, is not by essence excluded from the New Silk Road, the ancient Silk Road which still fascinates the Japanese scholars linked Europe and Nara, in the year which coincides with the 70th anniversary of the end of World War II, Tokyo can choose to reconnect with the depth of its Eurasianess and become a constructive force in the making of a cooperative Eurasia. 
The 21st Century Maritime Silk Road which will boost the ties between the Middle Country and Southeast Asia, gives a new importance to the province of Fujian. Xi Jinping, who combined a profound knowledge of Fujian and a deep understanding of the Taiwan issue, is offering Taipei an opportunity to benefit from his grand strategy and a space, besides APEC, for more international visibility.
Fully embraced by the European Union and other Eurasian actors, the New Silk Road will take 65 percent of the world population toward an unprecedented level of cohesiveness and prosperity.
Following the "China Dream" mainly articulated for the Chinese people, Xi Jinping proposes a humanistic vision of progress which goes beyond national interests, based on China's own experience of material development and inspired by the Chinese sense of universalism, Da Tong, or Grand Harmony, the New Silk Road is "Eurasia's Dream", a dream we can pursue together.
David Gosset is director of the Academia Sinica Europaea at China Europe International Business School (CEIBS), Shanghai, Beijing & Accra, and founder of the Euro-China Forum.
2.
url:http://www.huffingtonpost.com/deborah-lehr/sisi-follows-the-new-silk_b_6418354.html
title:Sisi Follows the New Silk Road to Riches
author:Deborah Lehr
time:03/07/2015  5:59 am EST
content:
When Egypt recognized the People's Republic of China in 1956 -- the first Middle Eastern and African country to do so -- it ushered the fledgling communist country into the broader international community beyond the Soviet bloc. Six decades later, China is returning the favor. In December, both President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi and President Xi Jinping agreed to elevate their bilateral relationship to a "comprehensive strategic partnership." In practical terms, this new relationship signifies that China has solidified its position with the largest Arab Muslim country through a series of economic and military commitments.
Strategically, President Sisi is clever to look East.  China has recently become the world's largest economy, and President Xi has shown his willingness to use its economic clout to strengthen ties with countries considered important to China's economic and security interests.  A friendly Egypt provides China a gateway to the Middle East and Africa.  It also helps that the Sisi government are opponents of Islamic fundamentalism as China faces increasing unrest from its Muslim minority in Xinjiang province.
Turning around the distressed Egyptian economy after three years of revolution and political instability is a significant challenge.  President Sisi's ability to govern hinges on providing stability as well as creating jobs, economic opportunity and faith in the future for the Egyptian people. 
The Chinese economic development path provides a possible model for Egypt to follow in its own revitalization effort.  Egypt can receive much needed economic guidance and financial support from China. And, China's ability to provide infrastructure financing and its experience managing heavy infrastructure projects will help jump start many of the priority projects announced by the Sisi government.
Sisi is off to an aggressive start. Egypt has launched an economic diplomacy campaign to seek foreign direct investment as well as increase its exports. A series of Ministers covering investment, tourism, and finance as well as the President and Prime Minister, have been traveling the globe to promote that Egypt "is open for business."  This campaign will culminate in a major investment summit in March that will showcase the opportunities - primarily in infrastructure development. 
Without direct foreign investment, which plummeted from about $8 billion down to $1.3 billion in 2013, President Sisi will not be able to achieve his ambitious reform program. China ranks only 15 in terms of investment in Egypt so there is room to grow. The most visible project is the widening of the Suez Canal launched by President Sisi, but there are other vital strategic efforts opening to investment, including the expansion of the special economic zones, development of road networks, building of medical tourism cities, development of an undersea tunnel, development of coal plants and construction of nuclear power plants. 
For China, two newly opening sectors could prove the most mutually beneficial: sustainable growth and tourism. China is the world's leading producer of solar panels; Egypt needs new energy sources to reduce overall costs. Though Sisi has cut energy subsidies down from a high of 20 percent, they still make up 13 percent of government spending. Use of renewables, logically solar in a country like Egypt with a "sunshine duration" of about of about 4,000 hours a year, will help reduce these costs.  Increased use of renewable energy will improve air quality with less reliance on high-polluting fossil fuels. 
Egypt can also benefit from China's fast growing tourist class. Its rising middle class, who spent over $155 billion in 2013, are the new global travelers.  These numbers are merely the tip of the pyramid. By 2020, the number of foreign trips made by Chinese will double and spending by Chinese tourists abroad will triple.
President Sisi wisely courted the Chinese tourism sector while in Beijing, but to genuinely attract and sustain a steady stream of sophisticated Chinese tourists, Egypt must create a welcoming environment -- Mandarin-speaking tour guides, hotels geared towards Chinese tastes, as well as upgrade the management of its world famous heritage sites to withstand a rush of new visitors.
President Xi called this new strategic relationship "an important milestone."  China has already pledged infrastructure loans through the $40 billion Silk Road Fund, which promotes investment along the ancient silk route.  Egypt also committed to support this initiative as well as the 21st-Century Maritime Silk Road. Egypt's support is important as China seeks to reshape the global lending landscape.  Chinese state-owned enterprises will be building nuclear plants, constructing a high-speed rail line, and start working on portions of the Suez Canal Corridor project.
China has an ally in the new Egypt -- which is reestablishing its position as one of the leading forces in the Arab World just as China is facing internal threats by the Muslim minority in Xinjiang province.  With Egypt's participation in the Silk Road and Maritime initiatives, it is well positioned to be China's route to the Middle East and Africa.  
China will benefit from this new partnership -- both economically and militarily.  For President Sisi, China is essential to his ability to deliver on his ambitious economic reform program and solidify his reputation as more than a military leader but a global statesman.  This is a partnership to watch.
3.
url:http://www.huffingtonpost.com/daniel-wagner/chinas-growing-global-mil_b_7274582.html
title:China's Growing Global Military Presence: Walk Softly and Carry a Small Stick
author:Daniel Wagner
time:05/13/2015 12:59 pm EDT
content:The alarm bells that are ringing among various governments and in the press with respect to China's growing global military presence are overdone. Yes, in doing so, China is indeed seeking to expand its global political, as well as its ability to project its military power abroad. As the world's second largest economy and de facto superpower, what, exactly, would the West and its neighbors expect it to be doing? The difference is, unlike when the other Great Powers sought to expand their own global reach, China actually has little ability to project its power at the present time.
Not Really a String of Pearls
For more than a decade now, the West has been pounding the 'String of Pearls' drum, arguing that China has been seeking to secure its flow of natural resources from around the world by using its economic and military relationships with governments throughout Asia to establish numerous military facilities throughout the region. There is some truth to this, of course, with the Chinese having either financed, established or having access to ports in Myanmar, Sri Lanka, Bangladesh and Pakistan. But a recent report from the Institute for National Strategic Studies (INSS) notes that, based on its long-standing foreign policy principles and objectives, there is little reason to believe that China will make much additional headway in pursuing more in the way of a String of Pearls, and there is actually no evidence that China is using any of these sites for military activities.
Moreover, China's history in the region are still prominent in its popular memory, given Beijing's 1979 invasion of Vietnam, its support of the Pol Pot regime in Cambodia (1976-1979), and accusations of involvement in Indonesia's 1965 coup. Furthermore, China still has unresolved border disputes with several nations in the region, including Bhutan, Taiwan, Japan, Vietnam, the Philippines, and Malaysia, as well as claiming a sizeable chunk of the Indian state of Arunachal Pradesh. These will presumably make it difficult for China to achieve much more in the way of an enhanced naval presence elsewhere in Asia.
China's ongoing regional disputes over the Senkaku, Spratly, and Paracel Islands have only exacerbated regional tensions. China's 'nine dash dotted line' -- which denotes an imaginary maritime boundary extending hundreds of miles beyond its internationally recognized Exclusive Economic Zone into the South China Sea - will never stand up in international court, but that has not prevented China from assertively pursuing its territorial claims there. Its recent construction of air strips in the South China Sea is as much intended to intimidate its neighbors as to project its military power.
Not Taking Africa by Storm
The Chinese have been trying to establish a military base in the geo-strategically significant nation of Djibouti for years, whose president recently said that China's presence there would be welcome, which is hardly surprising given how close the two countries have become economically. Both countries signed an agreement last year allowing for a Chinese naval presence, and now Beijing is intent on building a permanent military base in the northern city of Obock.
Djibouti already serves as the U.S. military headquarters on the African continent, where the U.S. projects its own power in Africa and the Middle East. Both France and Japan also already have a presence there, and Djibouti is routinely used by other navies to battle pirates in Somalia. If it does build a military installation there, China will just be one more country that recognizes Djibouti's strategic importance and seeks to project its power from the tiny country.
As South Sudan's number one foreign investor, China has come to play an unusually active role in an effort to resolve the ongoing conflict there. Such involvement contradicts China's traditional doctrine of non-interference in foreign countries' domestic disputes, but Beijing's economic and geopolitical interests in South Sudan have convinced it to bend its rules. China has high stakes in both Sudan and South Sudan, having invested $20 billion in Sudan prior to the 2011 partition, and an additional $8 billion in South Sudan following its secession. While playing its diplomatic role, China also happens to be the government's top weapons provider. Last year China sold $38 million worth of ammunition, grenade launchers, machine guns and missiles to South Sudan's government.
As a result, many voices in South Sudan and the international community have accused Beijing of prolonging the conflict. Some rebel figures have also criticized Beijing, claiming it is playing a contradictory role by arming South Sudan's military while investing time, effort and money in peace talks. South Sudan's rebels do not view China as a legitimate or genuine peace broker, and accuse it of playing peacemaker simply to protect its oil interests. Such a perception can only be heightened by China's deployment of 700 troops to the South Sudanese states of Unity and Upper Nile, in an effort to safeguard China's workers and assets. It marks Beijing's first contribution of a battalion to any UN peacekeeping force. Some might ask, what took it so long to do so?
China has expressed interest in building "Overseas Strategic Support Bases" in a number of other African locations, such as Tanzania, Kenya, Mozambique, Namibia, Madagascar, Nigeria and Angola. Given Beijing's growing dependence on Africa's natural resources, protecting its energy investments across the continent will continue to drive its Africa foreign policy. China is hardly taking Africa by storm -- nor could it, given its current military capabilities. Rather, it is carefully and adeptly increasing both its presence and its influence on the continent.
Walking Softly and Carrying a Small Stick
China does not subscribe to the concept of 'spheres of influence', but it does deploy military assets when it believes its interests are threatened. Beijing is perhaps a generation away from having a meaningful blue water navy, so in the interim it has resorted to the pursuit of non-military activities, such as disaster relief and combating piracy. It has also enhanced military exchanges with a broad range of countries in Asia and beyond, and ramped up 'military diplomacy', engaging in anti-piracy exercises, increased naval visits, and 'technical service' stops at ports around the world.
This expansion of China's 'soft' military presence abroad is an effort to protect its commercial interests, as well as being consistent with its growing and increasingly important role on the global stage. It is easier for China to gradually enhance this soft military presence given its belief in non-interference in other countries' internal affairs, and more generally, its adherence to principles of non-alignment. President Xi's launching of the 21st Century Maritime Silk Road Project and Beijing's '1+2+3' strategy -- both of which seek to enhance China's infrastructure and economic capabilities -- appear to be based more on economic than political or military considerations.
Of course, it can easily be argued that both initiatives have a 'dual use' connotation, but even if this were to be the case, it has to be based on longer term, rather than short or medium-term objectives. This is ultimately what concerns Western military strategists. And yet, as the INSS states in its report, China does not appear to be building a covert logistics infrastructure to fight either the U.S. or India. Its strategy of creating access to a limited number of military bases, combined with access to overseas commercial facilities, will only create a 'light' military footprint.
Most of China's military budget is dedicated to securing its borders through a robust army and air force. It has only one aircraft carrier (which it did not build) and very little ability to project its power on the high seas. Creating a blue water navy is a very costly, complicated and time consuming proposition, which China is decades away from achieving. So, China really has no choice but to walk softly and carry a small stick. Its near-term efforts aimed at establishing greater military influence in the world will likely prove to be much ado about very little for many years to come. Beijing's preference to let others do the fighting and then swoop in after the fact for the commercial spoils in war zones is unlikely to change for a long time to come.
*Daniel Wagner is CEO of Country Risk Solutions and author of "Managing Country Risk".
4.
url:http://www.huffingtonpost.com/fu-ying/china-think-tanks_b_7101510.html
title:China's Think Tanks Need to Reach Out and Connect
author:Fu Ying
time:04/22/2015  3:59 pm EDT
content:BEIJING -- China has grown rapidly in influence and ability to act in the international arena. That means it faces bigger, tougher and ever more urgent challenges. Therefore, there is a growing need for more high quality think tanks which can offer solutions to these challenges by mining the wisdom in the broader society.
There are already many research institutes of all types in China, with varying qualities. Those in the economic field, for instance, have years of experience working together effectively with policymaking bodies. But those in the field of international politics and strategy lag somewhat in capacity. Their way of organization and operation are not very well geared towards the needs of modern decision-making in China and are not able to attract top notch people.
Over the past two years, President Xi Jinping has repeatedly emphasized the need to build new types of think tanks and to institutionalize policy consultation, which he regards as part of the endeavor to promote China's soft power and modernize its governance structure. In his address to the Boao Forum for Asia in March, he proposed the formation of  "networks of exchanges and cooperation among think-tanks," aimed at raising their global vision and influence. 
International strategic decision-making reflects and is an extension of a country's fundamental political principles and policies. For China, that means a strategy that follows the leadership of the Communist Party and serves the national interests. At the same time, Chinese think tanks must be independently minded and objective in their analysis -- seeking truth from facts -- if their contribution is to be of sound use to policymakers.  

Zheng Bijian of the China Institute for Innovation and Development meets with The WorldPost Editor Nathan Gardels in Beijing in March.
Think tanks focused on strategic issues should not only be able to play a greater role advising policymaking, but also play a key role in articulating and explaining those policies to the general public in order to help build consensus in the society at large. 
Further, they must be able to communicate with an international audience and engage in strategic dialogues with counterparts elsewhere in the world.

China already has many mature institutions in the field of international strategy that are strong in historical analysis and basic research. But they have weaknesses. Some research institutes are not equipped to stay current in the rapidly evolving flux of today's geopolitical landscape and are therefore often unable to meet the most pressing needs of decision-makers.
Also, in government affiliated institutions, the rules and regulations on the use of research funds tend to favor spending on hardware such as buildings and facilities instead of encouraging creative thinking -- supportive more of the "tank" instead of the "think." Some emerging private think tanks have deep pockets, but lack well-targeted research objectives and effectives channels of submitting their findings to policymakers. Sometimes the "ownership" of research results means they lack credibility. Such concerns hold back outstanding scholars and researchers from making full use of their expertise.
How do we transform institutions for international strategic studies into new types of think tanks? Two suggestions:
First, research institutes should reorganize their institutional management to align research projects more closely to the imperatives of decision-making.  On the land and maritime Silk Road initiatives, for example, academic institutions in China rushed to produce a large quantity of policy commentary, which has been more or less on the level of a general perspective. But what decision-makers need most is substantive data-based analysis and answers to practical questions of implementation, such as logistics and security, that is country-specific. 
Second, scholars should have high political and professional standards and a global perspective. They must look around the world to examine what other think tanks are producing on similar matters while at the same time being rigorous, objective and focused in their research. That research must be supported with solid data and recommendations must aim at finding practical solutions for practical problems. 
For their part, decision-makers also need to transform their approach toward think-tanks. They need to set up information sharing mechanisms, open up channels for the submission of academic findings and upgrade rules for efficient use of research funds. They should also encourage think tanks to attract and nurture high-caliber talent in an open and inclusive way,  promoting outstanding scholars that produce high quality work. A digital network for sharing and collaboration among think tanks, the establishment of an association of international strategic think tanks and the formulation of nationwide and international communication programs are all high priorities. 
Growing international strategic think tanks will take time. While maintaining an historical perspective, their mindset must embrace globalization and a future orientation, sticking to the facts in order to generate practical solutions. 
As China becomes a more active player in shaping tomorrow's rules-based global order, transforming its think tanks to meet this task is a critical building block not only for our future, but for the world as a whole.
5.
url:http://www.huffingtonpost.com/shashi-tharoor/modi-indian-ocean-tour-china_b_6849936.html
title:Modi's Indian Ocean Tour Shows That India's Watching China
author:Shashi Tharoor
time:05/11/2015  5:59 am EDT
content:NEW DELHI -- India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi has embarked on a tour across the Indian Ocean this week that is noteworthy both for where he's going and where he's not.
He's already arrived in the Seychelles, a strategically important island off the African coast that has become increasingly close to India in its geopolitical orientation, though it is 3,800 kilometers from the Indian coast. He then moves on to Mauritius, another Indian Ocean island country whose single largest ethnic group is Indians, where he will be the chief guest at the Independence Day celebrations  on March 12 and address the National Assembly. Finally, he ends up in Sri Lanka for talks with President Maithripala Sirisena and Prime Minister Ranil Wickremesinghe, who took charge of the government in January with the election defeat of President Mahinda Rajapaksa. As Modi pointed out before leaving, his meeting with Sirisena would be their second summit in a month, since the new president's first foreign destination  after taking office in Colombo was India.
"My visit to the three Indian Ocean Island countries reflects our foreign policy priorities in India's immediate and extended neighbourhood," Prime Minister Narendra Modi said upon his departure, stressing his determination to intensify engagement, and close relations, with countries in the strategically important Indian Ocean region. This will be the first bilateral visit by an Indian prime minister since 1981 to the Seychelles, and the first since 1981 to Sri Lanka, though Mauritius has featured more frequently on Indian prime ministerial itineraries.
But Modi pointedly dropped from his plans the Maldives, once a close and reliable Indian partner and a country to which New Delhi had just rushed millions of gallons of bottled water  when the tiny country's main water treatment plant broke down. The new Maldives regime's crackdown on democracy and its refusal to heed India's requests to stop persecuting former President Nasheed have not gone down well in New Delhi, and the long-planned prime ministerial visit has been scuttled in a clear signal of Indian displeasure.
"New Delhi has now woken up to the danger of being outrun in its own neighborhood."
At the same time, the message of the visit is evident: India is waking up to the importance and potential of its own position in the middle of the Indian Ocean. Former U.S. Sen. Daniel Patrick Moynihan, contesting proprietary notions in New Delhi about the Indian Ocean, had once trenchantly remarked that it was a mere whimsy of nomenclature that the ocean had been named Indian; "it could just as well have been called the Madagascar Sea." Moynihan loved being provocative, of course, but in its obsession with its troubled land borders with Pakistan and China, India had indeed overlooked its maritime interests, often acting as if the ocean was an accident of geography rather than a vital strategic setting. In recent years, under Modi's immediate predecessor Manmohan Singh, this had begun to change. His trip now sets the seal on a dramatic reorientation of Indian strategic thinking.
The strong ties with Mauritius, for instance, had long been based on ethnic sentiment, ever since Indian indentured laborers had been transported there 175 years ago. But now there is a distinct security dimension to the relationship, as the importance of securing the sea lanes across the Indian Ocean has dawned on New Delhi. The previous government had given Mauritius Indian-made helicopters; Modi will conduct the joint commissioning of an India-built offshore patrol vessel being gifted to Mauritius. Sentiment, of course, is never wholly absent, and Modi will also launch the beginning of construction work for the building of a World Hindi Secretariat in Port Louis.
Similarly, the repeated affirmations of friendship with Sri Lanka followed a period under President Rajapaksa when Colombo had seemed distinctly warmer to China and Pakistan than to its closest neighbor. India was evidently not displeased with the change of government, and President Rajapaksa even darkly hinted at an Indian hand  in his defeat, an accusation New Delhi strenuously denies. At the same time, it is clear that Sri Lanka is inescapably important for India; domestic troubles there involving the country's Tamil minority inevitably spill across the straits to the Indian state of Tamil Nadu, while a hostile government in Colombo exposes India's soft underbelly to exploitation by its strategic rivals, notably China and Pakistan. In addition, more Indian goods are transshipped through Colombo  than Indian ports, and trade and investment between the two countries has been burgeoning. With New Delhi rightly emphasizing the cultivation of friendly relations with all its neighbors, Sri Lanka is a poster child for the new approach.
India has also been noticeably more willing to embrace its security responsibilities in the Indian Ocean, sending its ships regularly across the waters, patrolling off Mozambique's coast  at the request of Maputo during a time of tension, and involving itself in the region's anti-piracy efforts. The highly competent Indian Navy is, however, saddled with an aging, under-equipped fleet and remains some way short of becoming a true blue-water navy. While it works to build up its maritime capacity, New Delhi has conducted naval exercises with several bilateral and multilateral partners in the Indian Ocean and brought together interested naval chiefs in an Indian Ocean Naval Symposium that has established itself as a "must attend" on the military seminar calendar.
India has also been an animating spirit behind efforts to revive the Indian Ocean Rim Association, which brings together 20 countries straddling three continents thousands of miles apart, united solely by their sharing of a common body of water. The association manages to unite Australia and Iran, Singapore and India, Madagascar and the United Arab Emirates and some dozen other states large and small -- unlikely partners brought together by the fact that the Indian Ocean washes their shores. The Indian Ocean serves as both a sea separating them and a bridge linking them together.
"The brotherhood of man is a tired cliché; the neighborhood of an ocean is a refreshing new idea."
This has arguably never been more needed, since India needs multipliers for its strategic efforts if it is to keep up with China -- which has been assiduous in cultivating Indian Ocean countries through Beijing's unrivaled talent for building major infrastructure projects across the region, especially ports, from Sri Lanka's Hambantota to Pakistan's Gwadar. China's talk of a new "Maritime Silk Road" is anchored in history: the ancient Maritime Silk Road of the 15th century started from Southeast China and traversed the South China Sea, through the Straits of Malacca, to Sri Lanka and India, then crossing the Arabian Sea to reach the Gulf countries and East Africa. 
But its revival is very much a facet of contemporary Chinese foreign policy: President Xi Jinping addressed the Indonesian Parliament and called for the re-establishment of the old sea networks -- a 21st century "Maritime Silk Road"  to jointly foster maritime cooperation, international connectivity, scientific and environmental research, and fishery activities. China's Prime Minister Li Keqiang repeated this call at the APEC and East Asian summits. But there are historically well-founded apprehensions in the region that the new silk routes will also mark a major step towards recreating the Chinese world order of the ancient times known as tianxia, which referred to all regions of the known world that acknowledged the suzerainty of the Chinese Son of Heaven.
China's ambitions in the South China Sea have extended well into the Indian Ocean, and the prospect of an emerging superpower casting its shadow has roused anxiety in a number of littoral states, which look to India as an alternative security provider. So far India -- which has long been known for being better at projecting soft power in the region than exercising hard power -- has been found wanting, leading some observers to suggest that the country was gradually being strangled by a Chinese "string of pearls"  around its oceanic neck. New Delhi has now woken up to the danger of being outrun in its own neighborhood, and Prime Minister Modi's trip is evidence that its awakening is being translated into action.  
The brotherhood of man is a tired cliché; the neighborhood of an ocean is a refreshing new idea. India is genuinely paying attention now to all its neighbors, and Modi's travels lead to the hope that its voice will be heard above the roar of a mighty ocean.







6.
url:http://www.huffingtonpost.com/nathan-gardels/weekend-roundup-57_b_6867432.html
title:Weekend Roundup: How Japan's Past Shadows Asia's Future
author:Nathan Gardels
time:05/13/2015  5:59 am EDT
content:TOKYO -- Looking out onto Tokyo's towering neon cityscape, it is difficult to imagine the utter devastation of Japan's capital 70 years ago this week in one of the world's greatest overlooked atrocities -- the unsparing American firebombing  that incinerated more people than either of the nuclear attacks on Hiroshima or Nagasaki. In this respect, Japan is a long way from its past.
But a visit to Tokyo this week by German Chancellor Angela Merkel -- during which she noted how her country had accepted culpability for its WWII fascist aggression in a way that Japan has not   -- also highlights how the past still shadows the present -- and the future -- in Asia. (In Europe also the past has returned from another angle as Greece is demanding reparations from Germany).
In Beijing on Sunday, Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi called on Japan's nationalist Prime Minister Shinzo Abe to mark the upcoming 70th anniversary of the end of the war with German-like remorse if the growing animus between the two Asian giants is to be put behind them. Such a move is the essential step for the "re-Asianization of Japan" as the world order shifts. 
Writing from Frankfurt in The WorldPost this week, Jürgen Jeske looks back to  other critical lessons from the early post-war years -- the now forgotten policies that enabled Germany's "economic miracle" of recovery to take off.  

Historian Stefan Ihrig looks at how the Islamic bent of  Prime Minister Erdogan's "new Turkey" resembles the secular "new Turkey" of Atatürk  at the turn of the 20th century. Former British Prime Minister Gordon Brown warns Britain against going its own way apart from Europe.
Writing from New Delhi, Shashi Tharoor sees Indian Prime Minister Modi's visit this week to neighboring states in the Indian Ocean as an attempt to balance China's new plans for a 21st century "maritime Silk Road."  Sital Kalantry and Harjant Gill weigh in from different sides on the controversial documentary on rape in India, "India's Daughter."
Ahead of the September summit between Chinese President Xi and U.S. President Obama, Harvard's Joe Nye argues that "only China can contain China" if its neighbors feel threatened and react by building their militaries. Seeking to boost the nascent global recovery through more open trade while also following up on climate change pledges, will be high on the summit agenda, notes Minxin Pei. WorldPost China Correspondent Matt Sheehan reports this week from Tianjin on official hostility to grassroots protests against local corruption despite the much vaunted anti-corruption campaign from President Xi at the top. He also reports  on the ironic arrest of five women activists celebrating the passage of China's first draft law on domestic violence.
When it comes to trade agreements, not any trading regime will do if it further harms the environment, Sierra Club Director Michael Brune writes. Former U.S. labor secretary Robert Reich  also worries that the proposed Trans-Pacific Partnership (which does not at this point include China) will only serve the interests of multinational companies at the expense of workers. 
Writing from Istanbul, Behlül Özkan says the ray of hope for democracy in a Middle East swept up by ISIS fervor is the secular Kurds. WorldPost Middle East Correspondent Sophia Jones reminds us of the ongoing toll in the Syrian civil war in light of its four year anniversary. This week's "Forgotten Fact" also  turns to  Syria and looks at how the country's artifacts aren't just being destroyed by the Islamic State -- they're also being looted. 
As Iran's negotiations with the West over its nuclear program come to a head, Akbar Ganji  analyzes the power struggle in Tehran.
Sir David Tang ponders the symbolism of socialite Paris Hilton -- heir to a fortune from hotels, including the famed Havana Hilton -- meeting up with Fidelito Castro in Havana as Cuba undergoes a defrosting of relations with the U.S.. 
In his comments to The WorldPost "Future of Work" conference in London, long-time presidential adviser David Gergen spells out three ways to help create well paid jobs in the future "from the bottom up," including by supporting women entrepreneurs. Chelsea Clinton  adds that women are still "not there" in terms of equality in the workplace. WorldPost partner Fusion reports from the conference that the British  minister of state for culture and the digital economy credits McDonald's as "the biggest education institution in the country" for the kind of "soft skills" workers will need in the future. In a poll by Singularity University this week, most tech executives say the most important thing in any new venture is "failing fast" and not sticking with a losing effort.
Architect Zaha Hadid says that it is hard being an Arab woman in the architecture business.  Finally, "Downton Abbey"creator Julian Fellowes says in an interview that "people pray for my characters."
WHO WE ARE
EDITORS: Nathan Gardels, Senior Advisor to the Berggruen Institute on Governance and the long-time editor of NPQ and the Global Viewpoint Network of the Los Angeles Times Syndicate/Tribune Media, is the Editor-in-Chief of The WorldPost. Farah Mohamed is the Managing Editor of The WorldPost. Kathleen Miles is the Senior Editor of the WorldPost.  Alex Gardels and Peter Mellgard are the Associate Editors of The WorldPost. Katie Nelson is the National Editor at the Huffington Post, overseeing The WorldPost and HuffPost's editorial coverage. Eline Gordts is HuffPost's Senior World Editor. Charlotte Alfred and Nick Robins-Early are Associate World Editors.
CORRESPONDENTS: Sophia Jones in Istanbul; Matt Sheehan in Beijing.
EDITORIAL BOARD: Nicolas Berggruen, Nathan Gardels, Arianna Huffington, Eric Schmidt (Google Inc.), Pierre Omidyar (First Look Media) Juan Luis Cebrian (El Pais/PRISA), Walter Isaacson (Aspen Institute/TIME-CNN), John Elkann (Corriere della Sera, La Stampa), Wadah Khanfar (Al Jazeera), Dileep Padgaonkar (Times of India) and Yoichi Funabashi (Asahi Shimbun). 
CONTRIBUTING EDITORS: Moises Naim (former editor of Foreign Policy), Nayan Chanda (Yale/Global; Far Eastern Economic Review) and Katherine Keating (One-On-One). Sergio Munoz Bata and Parag Khanna are Contributing Editors-At-Large.
The Asia Society and its ChinaFile, edited by Orville Schell, is our primary partner on Asia coverage. Eric X. Li and the Chunqiu Institute/Fudan University in Shanghai and Guancha.cn also provide first person voices from China. We also draw on the content of China Digital Times. Seung-yoon Lee is The WorldPost link in South Korea.
Jared Cohen of Google Ideas provides regular commentary from young thinkers, leaders and activists around the globe. Bruce Mau provides regular columns from MassiveChangeNetwork.com on the "whole mind" way of thinking. Patrick Soon-Shiong is Contributing Editor for Health and Medicine.
ADVISORY COUNCIL: Members of the Berggruen Institute's 21st Century Council and Council for the Future of Europe serve as the Advisory Council -- as well as regular contributors -- to the site. These include, Jacques Attali, Shaukat Aziz, Gordon Brown, Fernando Henrique Cardoso, Juan Luis Cebrian, Jack Dorsey, Mohamed El-Erian, Francis Fukuyama, Felipe Gonzalez, John Gray, Reid Hoffman, Fred Hu, Mo Ibrahim, Alexei Kudrin, Pascal Lamy, Kishore Mahbubani, Alain Minc, Dambisa Moyo, Laura Tyson, Elon Musk, Pierre Omidyar, Raghuram Rajan, Nouriel Roubini, Nicolas Sarkozy, Eric Schmidt, Gerhard Schroeder, Peter Schwartz, Amartya Sen, Jeff Skoll, Michael Spence, Joe Stiglitz, Larry Summers, Wu Jianmin, George Yeo, Fareed Zakaria, Ernesto Zedillo, Ahmed Zewail,  and Zheng Bijian.
From the Europe group, these include: Marek Belka, Tony Blair, Jacques Delors, Niall Ferguson, Anthony Giddens, Otmar Issing, Mario Monti, Robert Mundell, Peter Sutherland and Guy Verhofstadt. 
MISSION STATEMENT
The WorldPost is a global media bridge that seeks to connect the world and connect the dots.  Gathering together top editors and first person contributors from all corners of the planet, we aspire to be the one publication where the whole world meets.
We not only deliver breaking news from the best sources with original reportage on the ground and user-generated content; we bring the best minds and most authoritative as well as fresh and new voices together to make sense of events from a global perspective looking around, not a national perspective looking out.
7.
url:http://www.huffingtonpost.com/kevin-rudd/us-china-relations-kevin-rudd-report_b_7096784.html
title:How to Break the 'Mutually Assured Misperception' Between the U.S. and China
author:Kevin Rudd
time:04/21/2015  2:59 am EDT
content:Former Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd has emerged as a key broker of perceptions between the U.S. and China. He was a member of the Berggruen Institute's 21st Century Council delegation that met Chinese President Xi Jinping in November 2013 in Beijing and is currently director of the Asia Society Public Policy Institute. On behalf of the Belfer Center at Harvard, he has just completed a seminal report "U.S.-China 21: The Future of U.S.-China Relations Under Xi Jinping." Below are the key conclusions of that report. The full report can be read here. 
1. Sorry, but on balance, the Chinese economic model is probably sustainable. 
On the sustainability of Chinese economic growth as the continuing basis of Chinese national power, on balance we should assume a Chinese growth rate in the medium to medium-high range (i.e. in excess of 6 percent) as probable for the period under review. This takes into account both official and unofficial statistics on the recent slowing of the rate. It also takes into account lower levels of global demand for Chinese exports, high levels of domestic debt, the beginning of a demographically driven shrinking in the labor force, continued high levels of domestic savings, at best modest levels of household consumption, an expanding private sector still constrained by state-owned monoliths, and a growing environmental crisis. But it also takes into account the vast battery of Chinese policy  responses to each of these and does not assume that these are by definition destined to fail. Furthermore, if China's growth rate begins to falter, China has sufficient fiscal and monetary policy capacity to intervene to ensure the growth rate remains above 6 percent, which is broadly the number policy makers deem to be necessary to maintain social stability. 
It is equally unconvincing to argue that China's transformation from an old economic growth model (based on a combination of high levels of state infrastructure investment and low-wage, labor-intensive manufacturing for export), to a new model (based on household consumption, the services sector and a strongly innovative private sector) is also somehow doomed to failure. This is a sophisticated policy blueprint developed over many years and is necessary to secure China's future growth trajectory through different drivers of demand to those that have powered Chinese growth rates in the past. There is also a high level of political backing to drive implementation. The process and progress of implementation has so far been reasonable. 

Moreover, to assume that China's seasoned policy elites will somehow prove to be less capable in meeting China's next set of economic policy challenges than they have been with previous sets of major policy challenges over the last 35 years is just plain wrong. China does face a bewildering array of policy challenges and it is possible that any one of these could significantly derail the government's economic program. But it is equally true that Chinese policy elites are more sophisticated now than at any time since the current period of reform began back in 1978, and are capable of rapid and flexible policy responses when necessary. 
For these reasons, and others concerning the structure of Chinese politics, the report explicitly rejects the "China collapse" thesis recently advanced by David Shambaugh. It would also be imprudent in the extreme for America's China policy to be based on an implicit (and sometimes explicit) policy assumption that China will either economically stagnate or politically implode because of underlying contradictions in its overall political economy. This would amount to a triumph of hope over cold, hard analysis. 
2. Xi is a powerful leader the U.S. can do business with if it chooses.
Three concepts define how Xi Jinping's leadership differs from that of his predecessors:
1. His personal authority
2. His deep sense of national mission
3. And an even deeper sense of urgency
Xi's audacious leadership style sets him apart from the modern Chinese norm. Both in personality and policy, he represents one part continuity and two parts change. Xi is the most powerful Chinese leader since Deng (Deng Xiaoping 邓小平), and possibly since Mao (Mao Zedong 毛泽东). Whereas his predecessors believed in, and by and large practiced, the principle of collective leadership, Xi Jinping is infinitely more primus than he is primus inter pares. As a Party blue blood, he also exudes a self-confidence that comes from someone utterly comfortable with the exercise of political power. 
Xi is driven by a deep sense of personal integrity, personal destiny and the decisive role that he is to play in bringing about two great historical missions for his country: first, national rejuvenation, thereby restoring China's place as a respected great power in the councils of the world; and second, saving the Communist Party itself from the cancer of corruption, thereby securing the party's future as the continuing political vehicle for China's future as a great power. Xi is both a Chinese nationalist and a Party loyalist. He is deeply and widely read in both international and Chinese history, including an encyclopedic knowledge of the history of the Communist Party itself. 
His core, animating vision centers on his concept of the "China Dream" (zhongguomeng 中国梦) which in turn has two objectives: to achieve a "moderately well-off China" (xiaokang shehui 小康社会) by 2021 when the Party celebrates its centenary; and "a rich and powerful" (fuqiang 富强) China by 2049 on the centenary of the People's Republic. Realizing the China Dream, according to Xi, requires a second phase of transformative economic reform. He sees no contradiction in prosecuting deeper market reforms to achieve his national objectives, while implementing new restrictions on individual political freedom. In fact, he sees this as the essence of "the China Model" (zhongguo moshi 中 国模式) in contrast to the liberal democratic capitalism of the West which he describes as totally unsuited to China. 

For Xi, China must seize the moment of "extended strategic opportunity," following 10 wasted years when necessary reforms were postponed, and corruption allowed to run rampant. China's domestic policy needs are now integrally bound up with the country's foreign policy direction. In Xi's worldview, an increasingly "rich and powerful" China must now start playing a much bigger role in the world. No longer will China "hide its strength, bide its time, and never take the lead" (taoguang yanghui, juebu dangtou 韬光 养晦 决不当头), Deng Xiaoping's foreign policy mantra for decades. China must now pursue an "activist" (fenfa youwei 奋发有为) foreign policy that maximizes China's economic and security interests, and one that begins to engage in the longer term reform of the global order. Xi speaks for the first time of China's "grand strategy" needing to embrace "a new great power diplomacy with Chinese characteristics" (you zhongguo tese de xinxing daguo waijiao 有中国特色的新型大国外交), in order to craft a "new type of great power relations" (xinxing daguo guanxi 新型大国关系) with the United States. Xi, in short, is not a status quo politician. He is the exact reverse. And in pursuing his sense of national mission and personal destiny, he is prepared to take calculated risks in a traditionally risk-averse Communist Party culture. 
Xi Jinping's sense of personal and national urgency is animated by a formidable, Confucian work ethic, which he also expects of his Party colleagues and policy advisors. He is results-driven. He is frustrated by the interminable processes of the Chinese bureaucracy, and its predisposition for formulaic responses to real policy challenges. He is very much a man in a hurry. 
For these several reasons, Xi, unlike his predecessor, has the personal authority and policy flexibility to be a potentially dynamic interlocutor with the United States, albeit always within the framework of his nationalist vision for China's future, and his definitive conclusions concerning the continuing role of China's one-party state. When, therefore, Xi uses the term "win-win" (shuangying 双赢) to describe his desired relationship with the U.S., it should not be simply discarded as a piece of Chinese propaganda. Xi does see potential value in strategic and political collaboration with the United States. 
In short, there is still reasonable foreign and security policy space for the U.S. administration to work within in its dealings with Xi Jinping, although it is an open question how long it will be before policy directions are set in stone, and the window of opportunity begins to close. I argue that Xi is capable of bold policy moves, even including the possibility of grand strategic bargains on intractable questions such as the denuclearization and peaceful re-unification of the Korean Peninsula. It is up to America to use this space as creatively as it can while it still lasts. 
3. China sees America as deeply opposed to China's rise, and driven to do whatever it takes to prevent China usurping American regional and global power. 
China's worldview, as for all nation-states, is deeply shaped by its past. In China's case, this means one of the world's oldest continuing civilizations, with a continuing written language and literary tradition over several thousand years. For China, the mark of history is profound, as are the scars of collective memory. This applies to China's philosophical tradition; its core, continuing values; its historical experience of its neighbors and those which invaded it; and its cumulative perceptions over time of the United Kingdom, the United States and the collective, colonizing West. 
China also takes great pride in its civilizational achievements; the glories of its imperial past; and the resilience of its people across the millennia, celebrating the material and cultural achievements of the Han (汉) people. Within those achievements, China has also generated a self-referential body of philosophical thought and way of thinking (siwei 思 维) that does not readily yield to the epistemological demands and intellectual taxonomies of the Western academy. And within this philosophical system, Confucianism in its various forms lies at the core. Westerners may find Chinese public formulations arcane. But that is the way the Chinese system conducts its official discourse, in which case we have some responsibility to understand what these formulations really mean, rather than once again simply dismissing them as propaganda. 

Chinese intentions are shaped not simply by the deep value structures alive in Chinese tradition and in China's modern political mind-set. They are also shaped by China's national historiography - its narrative about its own place in history, as well as its historical account of its dealing with its neighbors, the phalanx of Western colonial powers eager to carve up its territory, and the United States. China's lived experience of the outside world, as well as how it recalls that experience in the current period, exercises a profound impact on how China now views the world. The main thematics that emerge in China's own account of its historical engagement with the world are as follows: 
First, China, at least over the last 500 years, has been the innocent party and did nothing by way of its own offensive actions against the West or Japan to provoke the imperial carve-up of its territory and its people in the modern period; 

Second, China has therefore been the victim of international aggression, rather than a perpetrator, particularly during the so-called "century of foreign humiliation" from the First Opium War to the proclamation of the People's Republic; 

Third, Chinese national losses during the Japanese invasion and occupation were of staggering proportions even by global standards, explaining Beijing's unique and continuing neuralgia toward Tokyo, both in terms of the official Japanese historical record of the war as a basis for any effective long-term reconciliation with Japan, and in terms of any evidence today of Japanese remilitarization or revanchism; 

Fourth, Russia too has loomed large in the Chinese national memory and has been predominantly seen as a strategic adversary through most of its history, rather than as a strategic partner; 

Fifth, throughout its past, right through to the present period, China's national pre-occupations have been primarily, although not exclusively domestic: governing a quarter of humanity rather than dreaming of carving out even more territory for itself; 

Sixth, China, after 150 years, has now regained its proper place in the community of nations, as a product of its own efforts to build national power, rather than depending on anybody else; and 
Finally, Chinese leaders have a profound sense that China's time has now come for China to have its own impact on the region and the world; but they are concerned that others (principally the United States) will now prevent it from doing so because this will challenge U.S. global dominance. 
The current relationship between the United States and China has been characterized privately by one Chinese interlocutor as one condemned to a future of "Mutually Assured Misperception." The report argues that there is considerable truth to this, as each side engages in various forms of mirror imaging of the other. As another senior Chinese interlocutor said during the preparation of this report: 
The problem is the United States believes that China will simply adopt the same hegemonic thinking that the United States has done historically, as seen under the Monroe Doctrine and the multiple invasions of neighboring states in the Western Hemisphere that followed. Since the Second World War, there has barely been a day when the United States has not been engaged in a foreign war. As a result, the United States believes that China will behave in the same way. And this conclusion forms the basis of a series of recent policies towards China. 
Americans offer their own variations on the same theme concerning Chinese mirror imaging. Nonetheless, the report argues that Chinese leaders have begun to form a worrying consensus on what they believe to be the core elements of U.S. strategy towards China, despite Washington's protestations to the contrary. These are reflected in the following five-point consensus circulated among the Chinese leadership during 2014, summarizing internal conclusions about U.S. strategic intentions: 
To isolate China; 
To contain China; 
To diminish China; 
To internally divide China; and 
To sabotage China's leadership. 
While these conclusions sound strange to a Western audience, they nonetheless derive from a Chinese conclusion that the United States has not, and never will, accept the fundamental political legitimacy of the Chinese administration because it is not a liberal democracy. They are also based on a deeply held, deeply "realist" Chinese conclusion that the U.S. will never willingly concede its status as the pre-eminent regional and global power, and will do everything within its power to retain that position. In Beijing, this assumption permeates perceptions of nearly all aspects of U.S. policy, from campaigns on human rights, political activism in Hong Kong, arms sales to Taiwan, and America's failure to condemn terrorist attacks by Xinjiang separatists, to support for Falungong and the Dalai Lama. 

As a result, senior Chinese interlocutors conclude that the U.S. is effectively engaged in a dual strategy of undermining China from within, while also containing China from without. American arguments that U.S. policy toward China bears no comparison with the Cold War-era containment of the Soviet Union are dismissed by Chinese analysts. China points to the U.S. strategic decision to "pivot" or "rebalance" to Asia as unequivocal  evidence of this. Beijing also points to Washington's de facto support for Japanese territorial claims in the East China Sea, and its alleged abandonment of neutrality on competing territorial claims in the South China Sea in support of the Philippines, Vietnam and other South-East Asian states at the expense of China, as further evidence of containment. 
Finally, China adds the most recent examples of the Trans-Pacific Partnership (which excludes China) and failed American efforts to dissuade its allies from joining the AIIB. All the above, as seen from Beijing, are designed to deny international space to China in policy domains ranging from hard security, to economics and trade diplomacy. The report notes that the U.S. disputes each of the above, and instead argues that Chinese foreign policy appears geared for an attempt to push the United States strategically out of Asia. 
It is against this unhappy background that, in 2013, Xi Jinping elevated the concept of "a new type of great power relationship" as a centerpiece of his diplomacy towards the U.S. Xi argued it was time to liberate the bilateral relationship from "a cold war mentality" (lengzhan siwei 冷战思维) and the politics of "a zero sum game" (linghe youxi 零和游戏). While disagreements inevitably arose over the definition of Chinese and American "core interests" (hexin liyi 核心利益). the U.S. administration initially welcomed the proposal. But this concept soon fell victim to a deeply partisan debate within the United States on the administration "conceding strategic and moral parity to China" and has since disappeared from the public language of the administration. The report argues that mutual strategic misperceptions between the U.S. and China, informed both by history and recent experience, are likely to endure. 
I argue that the only real prospect of altering the present reality in a substantive and durable way lies not in discovering some magical declaratory statement. Instead, the U.S. and China should set out an explicit, agreed road map of cooperative strategic projects (bilateral, regional and global) to build mutual trust and reduce deeply rooted strategic perceptions, inch by inch, year after year. The gains from such an approach will be slow and grueling, the reversals numerous. But it is the only way to arrest the political and policy dynamics that flow from China's conclusion that the U.S. will do whatever it takes to retain its status as the preeminent power. 
4. The U.S. rejects it is undermining or containing China. Instead, it sees China as seeking to push the U.S. out of Asia.
After two years in office, and substantial engagement with American interlocutors, the American perception is that Xi Jinping is significantly different, some say radically different, to his predecessors. He is seen as significantly more powerful. As a product of the power of his intellect, his political experience and the force of his personality, Americans conclude unprecedented power consolidation has taken place in a short span of time. Americans have found him to be self-confident, well read, well briefed, and rarely reliant on official written notes to argue, explain, and defend the Chinese position. Not since Deng have Americans encountered a Chinese leader able to range across wide subject areas and to engage spontaneously on most matters raised with him. While Xi is seen as polite, as required by the normal conventions of Chinese diplomatic discourse, he is also seen as capable of being direct. And while Americans may not appreciate the answers they may receive, they do not feel that they are left having to decipher multiple layers of Chinese "diplomatese" to understand the bottom line of what is being communicated. This has led many American officials to conclude that at least at a personal level, including his style, manner, and method of personal communication, Xi Jinping is someone with whom you can do business. 
Regarding policy, however, there is less appreciation from American elites as to how different Xi Jinping's domestic and international agenda is from that of his predecessors. At a general level, Xi is seen as more nationalistic than his predecessors, primarily due to his responses to what he has perceived as challenges to "core" Chinese interests in the East and South China Seas. But beyond this generalized conclusion, and because the bilateral relationship at the time of his ascension was already anchored in a 40-year-old framework, there has been a tendency on the part of some in Washington to assume that the fundamentals of the relationship will therefore not change. These fundamentals are based on: 
The content of the three U.S.-China Communiqués; 
The conclusion that China has embarked on an irreversible long-term program of economic globalization; 
The parallel conclusion that this will so deeply integrate China into the global economy that it will not only remake the Chinese economy in the image of the West, but also eventually change Chinese values, society, and politics as well; 
The underlying assumption that the Chinese leadership will ultimately realize that these changes are in China's long-term self-interest, and that China will therefore increasingly behave as a "responsible global stakeholder" within a global order that has demonstrably served its interests so far; and 
The fact that short of the increasingly unlikely possibility of a political and security crisis over Taiwan, and because the military gap between China and the United States remains so vast, there is a negligible risk of China fundamentally challenging American strategic predominance in the Asia-Pacific region, or elsewhere. 
As noted above, Xi Jinping does not necessarily share these assumptions. He would agree that the Communiqués remain sacrosanct. He would also agree that China's domestic market reforms and global economic integration are not only irreversible, but will increase in their scope and intensity. But he would explicitly reject any assumption that the "China model" will therefore change the political construction of the Chinese state and the values that under-pin it. In fact, Xi argues for a radical counter-model for China's long-term future, and does not see the current Chinese political system as a "managed transition" to some kind of "small- S" Singaporean political future. 

Nor does Xi accept the view that China should simply be a "responsible stake-holder" in a global and regional order designed to suit the interests of the United States and the rest of the West. Rather, China should actively shape the new rules of the order, including some of the values underpinning it, hence his increasingly frequent use of the terms "righteous" (yi 义), "fair" (gongping 公平) and "just" (zhengyi 正义), in discussing the future of the international order, drawing on classical Chinese concepts, rather than simply translating Western ones. 
On U.S. military preponderance, Xi, as a strategic pragmatist, recognizes this reality. But he does not see this as an impediment to a vigorous Chinese foreign policy both in the region and beyond, while Chinese military capability is gradually enhanced over time to temper American unilateralism in Asia, rather than to directly challenge it. As for Taiwan, Xi does not necessarily see Taiwan as being progressively "solved" by peaceful and economic means, as the Taiwanese domestic political reaction to current Chinese strategy begins to harden. 
Within the United States analytical community, there are glimpses emerging of this "new reality" under Xi Jinping, but it is far from definitive. On the one hand, the inherited post-72 orthodoxy, and its conclusions concerning the fundamentals of the relationship, continues to hold significant sway. On the other hand, the competing American view that China is a long-term strategic threat to U.S. interests is being reinvigorated, with the notion of "long-term" now being replaced by many as "looming" because of recent conclusions concerning the assertiveness of Chinese actions in support of its maritime and territorial claims. 
American strategic perceptions and responses to Xi Jinping's China are therefore in a period of transition, just as China itself is now in transition. During times of transition, therefore, there is often a risk of radically underestimating or over-dramatizing the significance of the profound changes underway. Rising China is no longer "business as usual" for America. But neither, for the decade ahead, is this new China becoming a major direct military threat to U.S. interests. Instead, the U.S. sees China as actively competing for political, diplomatic and security policy space in Asia at America's expense; to the extent that China is increasingly seen as pursuing a long-term policy aimed at pushing the United States out of Asia altogether with a view to establishing its own sphere of strategic influence across the region over time. 
5. Armed conflict between the U.S. and China is highly unlikely in the coming decade. 
Xi Jinping is a nationalist. And China, both the U.S. and China's neighbors have concluded, is displaying newfound assertiveness in pursuing its hard security interests in the region. But there is, nonetheless, a very low risk of any form of direct conflict involving the armed forces of China and the U.S. over the next decade. It is not in the national interests of either country for any such conflict to occur; and it would be disastrous for both, not to mention for the rest of the world. Despite the deep difficulties in the relationship, no Cold War standoff between them yet exists, only a strategic chill. In fact, there is a high level of economic interdependency in the relationship, which some international relations scholars think puts a fundamental brake on the possibility of any open hostilities. Although it should be noted the U.S. is no longer as important to the Chinese economy as it once was. 
However, armed conflict could feasibly arise through one of two scenarios: 
Either an accidental collision between U.S. and Chinese aircraft or naval vessels followed by a badly managed crisis; or 
Through a collision (accidental or deliberate) between Chinese military assets and those of a regional U.S. ally, most obviously Japan or the Philippines. 
In the case of Japan, the report argues that, after bilateral tensions reached unprecedented heights during 2013-14, Beijing and Tokyo took steps in late 2014 to de-escalate their standoff over the Senkaku/Diaoyu islands. Hotlines between the two militaries are now being established, reducing the possibility of accidental conflict escalation. However, the same cannot be said of the South China Sea, where China continues its large-scale land reclamation efforts, where tensions with Vietnam and the Philippines remain high, and where mil-to-mil protocols are undeveloped. Xi Jinping has neither the interest, room for maneuver or personal predisposition to refrain from an assertive defense of these territorial claims, or to submit them to any form of external arbitration. 
Of course, Xi Jinping has no interest in triggering armed conflict with the U.S., a nightmare scenario that would fundamentally undermine China's economic rise. Furthermore, there are few, if any, credible military scenarios in the immediate period ahead in which China could militarily prevail in a direct conflict with the U.S. This explains Xi's determination to oversee the professionalization and modernization of the People's Liberation Army (PLA) into a credible, war-fighting and war-winning machine. Xi Jinping is an intelligent consumer of strategic literature and would have concluded that risking any premature military engagement with the U.S. would be foolish. Traditional Chinese strategic thinking is unequivocal in its advice not to engage an enemy unless you are in a position of overwhelming strength. Under Xi, the ultimate purpose of China's military expansion and modernization is not to inflict defeat on the U.S., but to deter the U.S. Navy from intervening in China's immediate periphery by creating sufficient doubt in the minds of American strategists as to their ability to prevail. 

In the medium term, the report analyzes the vulnerability of the U.S.-China relationship to the dynamics of "Thucydides' Trap," whereby rising great powers have historically ended up at war with established great powers when one has sought to pre-empt the other at a time of perceived maximum strategic opportunity. According to case studies, such situations have resulted in war in 12 out of 16 instances over the last 500 years. Jinping is deeply aware of this strategic literature and potential implications for U.S.-China relations. This has, in part, underpinned his desire to reframe U.S.-China relations from strategic competition to "a new type of great power relationship." 
In the longer term, neither Xi Jinping nor his advisors necessarily accept the proposition of the inevitability of U.S. economic, political and military decline that is often publicized  in the Chinese media and by the academy. More sober minds in Xi's administration are mindful of the capacity of the U.S. political system and economy to rebound and reinvent itself. Moreover, Xi is also aware of his own country's date with demographic destiny when the population begins to shrink, while the populations of the U.S. and those of the North American Free Trade Agreement  economies will continue to increase. 
For these reasons, the report concludes that the likelihood of U.S.-China conflict in the medium to long term remains remote. This is why Xi Jinping is more attracted to the idea of expanding China's regional and global footprint by economic and political means. This is where he will likely direct China's diplomatic activism over the decade ahead. 
6. Chinese political, economic and foreign policy influence in Asia will continue to grow significantly, while China will also become a more active participant in the reform of the
global rules-based order. 
As noted above, a core geopolitical fact emerging from the report is that we are now seeing the rise of what Evan Feigenbaum has described as "two Asias": an "economic Asia" that is increasingly dominated by China; and a "security Asia" that remains dominated by the United States. China is now a bigger trading partner with every country in Asia than the United States. The U.S. is either an ally or strategic partner of the bulk of maritime Asia. By contrast, China's only strategic "ally" is North Korea, which has become a greater strategic liability than an asset. If strategic tensions drove the U.S. and China into adversarial postures, regional states would face increasingly irresistible pressure to make a zero sum strategic choice between the two. 
China continues to build on its economic strength in the wider region through its recent institutional innovation. While the BRICS Bank, or the New Development Bank, has a global mandate, the AIIB has an exclusively regional focus. As for the Silk Road Fund, the bulk of its investment will focus on Southeast, South and Central Asia. Concurrently, many regional states are strengthening their security ties with the U.S., compelled by their long-term strategic anxieties over an increasingly powerful China. Strategic polarization across Asia is therefore likely to intensify in the future. 
The report examines different approaches to regional architecture and mechanisms to
deal with Asian security challenges. The U.S. and the West are, at best, peripherally aware of China's preferred institutional arrangements for the region as reflected in Xi Jinping's "Asian Security Concept" (Yatai anquanguan 亚太安全观). Delivered at the May 2014 Conference on Interaction and Confidence Building Measures in Asia, Xi outlined an integrated concept of "common security," "comprehensive security," and "cooperative security" for the entire region. Provocatively, however, Xi made plain that his "Asian Security Concept" did not include the United States: 
When it comes to Asian Affairs, they should fundamentally be handled by the people of Asia; when it comes to the problems of Asia, these should be fundamentally managed by the people of Asia; when it comes to the security of the Asia, it should be upheld by the people of Asia. The people of Asia are capable and wise enough to strengthen cooperation among themselves, in order to achieve the peace and stability of Asia. 
The broad contours of Chinese strategic thinking on the future of regional architecture are beginning to take shape: Asia's security architecture should not include the U.S. or its alliance structure, according to Xi; whereas the regional economic architecture of the future is negotiable. Xi's security architecture template appears to be CICA. A revitalized Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation Forum, including the Free Trade Area of Asia Pacific rather than the TPP, is his preferred economic structure. 

The report argues that the time is ripe to consider alternative institutional approaches that integrate both China and the U.S. into a common regional arrangement, and with
a mandate to tackle both security and economic challenges. If competing structures are established, these will exacerbate regional division. Furthermore, the report argues that any explicit attempt to exclude the U.S. from the regional security architecture is more likely to strengthen existing U.S. military alliances, rather than weaken them. Rather than playing an institutional tug-of-war, it would be far more constructive for the U.S. and China to join hands in building pan-regional institutional arrangements. This will not solve all regional security challenges. But it will help to manage, and reduce, them over time. Confidence-building measures could cascade into a more transparent security culture and, in time, a more secure Asia. But this can only happen if both powers decide to invest common capital into a common regional institution. Otherwise, we really do find ourselves in the world of the "zero sum game." 
Beyond Asia, and in the reform of the global order more broadly, China has a long-stand- ing commitment to greater "multipolarity" in the international order. For this reason, it has long been a member of most multilateral institutions within the UN and the Bretton Woods systems. China has used multilateralism as a means to expanding its diplomatic influence in the world, particularly through its membership of the UN Security Council, at a time when its national power was limited. This has now begun to change. 
Xi Jinping stated clearly in his November 2014 address to the Party's international policy work conference: China is now engaged in "a struggle for the international order" (guoji zhixu zhizheng 国际秩序之争). This is an unusually sharp statement from the Chinese leadership and suggests that the international community should prepare for a number of new Chinese reform proposals of the current multilateral system. This may manifest itself through the normal review processes of the UN and other multilateral agencies as their treaty or regulatory systems come up for periodic review. 
China is now committed to becoming an active participant in the reform of the current global order. There is no evidence to suggest that China wishes to abandon the current order. What is clear, however, is that China does not see the current system as set in stone. What we will therefore see is an increasing tempo in China's multilateral policy activism, and a growing range of Chinese institutional initiatives. This represents a new, forthright Chinese voice in the world, in radical contrast to its previous approach of "hide your strength, bide your time, never take the lead." 
7. Constructive Realism for a Common Purpose: Toward a common strategic narrative for U.S.-China relations.
Before "détente," in the latter period of the Cold War, a joint narrative between the U.S. and the Soviet Union was not possible. Both sides were not only ideological enemies. They were declared military enemies. They fought proxy wars. And they were in a permanent state of readiness to go to war directly, and in extremis, to destroy one another in a nuclear exchange. Over time, however, the U.S. and the Soviet Union did develop basic protocols to avoid crises and unintended confrontation. 
By contrast, despite the difficulties, the U.S.-China relationship remains in decidedly positive territory. Since 1972, U.S.-China relations have remained more functional than those between the U.S. and the Soviet Union ever were, and have never escalated to a comparable level of hostility. As noted above, both China and the United States have private and semi-public strategic narratives about each other. But as yet they do not have a shared strategic narrative between each other. Such a common strategic narrative for U.S.-China relations may be difficult, but it is certainly not impossible. And given the stakes involved for the future, it is increasingly necessary. 
A common strategic framework for U.S.-China relations would offer many advantages. 
First, in Washington, it would help provide strategic direction to government agencies competing for policy attention and space, as well as those multiple agencies  engaged in aspects of the China relationship but not on a daily basis, thereby helping to provide policy coherence in engaging on an inter- agency basis, as well as with Chinese interlocutors; 

Second, in Beijing it would go beyond that because of the more hierarchical nature of the political and bureaucratic decision-making process, providing direction to the system at large; and 
Third, for both powers, a coherent strategic framework would also inject additional positive ingredients: a common determination to manage significant differences effectively in order to avoid unnecessary confrontation; a common commitment to collaborate in difficult policy areas with a view to resolving them; and a common sense of purpose to build political capital and strategic trust over time. 
For these reasons, the report argues that the ideational content of a common strategic framework for the relationship should be: "realist" about those areas of the relationship which are not possible to resolve within the foreseeable future; "constructive" about those areas that could be resolved with high-level political effort at the bilateral, regional and global levels; and guided by a "common purpose" to build strategic trust, step by step, over time, not based on declaratory statements, but instead on common action in resolving common problems.

8.
url:http://www.huffingtonpost.com/fu-ying/china-rise-questions_b_6004658.html
title:Answering Four Key Questions About China's Rise
author:Fu Ying
time:12/17/2014  5:59 am EST
content:"Is China going to compete for world power?" 
Most people in China, if asked such a question, would show little interest in seeing the country fighting for world power with the U.S., and still less in becoming another U.S.
However, in the U.S. and some European countries, many may ask: How can we trust that China won't be like that? They are concerned that China may try to set up a new regional order under its rule.
In a recent conversation with Henry Kissinger, he told me that he thought more people should know what the Chinese are thinking. I have therefore chosen a few hotly discussed topics below to share some of the views in China.
First, is China a world power?
For most in the U.S., and the world for that matter, China is undoubtedly already a newly rising world power. 
According to the latest IMF purchasing power parity calculation, China's GDP overtook the U.S.' to be the number one economy of the world. However, such a story did not raise much excitement in China. Most see it simply as too flattering. 
Foreigners see China's progress mainly from the images of China based on skylines in Beijing, Shanghai or Guangzhou. But if you drive out of these megacities 100 km, you will easily find people living at very basic levels. By the U.N. poverty standard of U.S.$ 1.25 a day, there are still about 200 million Chinese, or roughly 14 percent of the Chinese population, living under that line. 
In China, urbanization has reached 51 percent. But when measured at the human level, people who are living in city conditions are no more than 37 percent. That is to say, more people in China are yet to enjoy urban quality of life like clean water and proper medical care.
China is a country that has just come out of overall poverty. Those born in the 1980s were the first generation of Chinese who have grown up with a full stomach and who started to enjoy the freedom of choices. 
But at the national level, more challenges are waiting to be addressed, such as more hospitals, schools and better environment. The country is on a steep upward slope, confronting difficulties sometimes beyond imagination for the outside world. 
That is why we state that China is a developing country, and for a long time to come, the country will focus on its reform and opening to the outside world in order to promote development.
We have two centenary objectives. The first is to double the GDP as well as both urban and rural average income based on 2010 figures in time for the 100 year anniversary of the Communist Party in 2020. 
The second is to turn the country into a modernized socialist society, with per capita income levels reaching that of a moderate developed country for the 100 year anniversary of the People's Republic of China at the middle of this century.
Second, does China have to compete for world power and might this even lead to war? 
According to Hans Morgenthau, the theorist of realism in international politics, countries will inevitably fight for international power as they become stronger. John Mearsheimer, who developed the "offensive neorealism" theory for the post-Cold War international situation, also sees unavoidable, tragic competition among powers.
But it is important for the world to realize that China is consciously shaping a new paradigm that follows a path of peaceful development. 
China's foreign trade grew 300 times in RMB terms in the 30 years from 1983 to 2013. But this was not achieved with "flag before trade." Rather, it was the fruit of mutually beneficial cooperation on an equal footing and within the existing rule-based international free trade environment. 
Especially after China joined the World Trade Organization in 2001, international trade grew at an average rate of 18.2 percent annually. China is now the largest trading partner for over 120 countries, importing more than U.S. $2 trillion worth of goods, and creating jobs and investment opportunities around the world. This factor also anchors China's relations with its partners.
During the past three decades, China's GDP expanded 95 times, while the increase in its military spending was only 42 percent of that rate. China follows a constitutionally stipulated national defense policy that is defensive in nature. Grabbing capital, resources and markets by military force as the world witnessed in the past is unnecessary in today's world, and it is unacceptable as a policy option for China.
There are both domestic and international reasons as to why peaceful development works for China. 
In terms of internal factors, the Chinese nation has a strong belief in peace. Many of the ancient sayings go deep in people's mind ( i.e, "a nation, however powerful, is doomed if it is always hungry for war", "peace is most valuable under the sun" and "achieving harmony while allowing differences"). China suffered a great deal at the hands of foreign powers. We "do not do onto others what we don't want others to do to us." 
As a socialist country, the interest and benefit of the whole population is at the center of China's domestic policy, which has determined that its international strategy is firmly rooted in peace and cooperation with all countries.
Externally, globalization has created conditions that made it possible for China to achieve peaceful development. 
When the Cold War ended, it also broke the division caused by confrontation between opposing camps. 
Thus a global trend of diffusion occurred, whereby resources and factors of production, such as capital, technology, talents and expertise, previously held mostly in the developed Western world, started to diffuse to the vast periphery. Wars and military expansion are no longer the workable and necessary way to attain economic expansion. 
China made good use of this opportunity. Through its persistent reform and opening-up program, China has become the leading developing country in attracting international investment and technology. It has achieved its economic boost by being able to tap into global markets.

This is not a one way street. China's massive growth has benefited all those countries and businesses who partnered with China.
Many other developing countries also took on the wave of globalization, and their role is also essential in adding vigor to new period of world economic expansion.
China's peaceful development has been successful, and there is no reason not to continue it. Only by following peaceful development can China attain its development goals. 
Third, how is China's commitment to peace reflected in its policy in the neighborhood?
As we entered the second decade of the 21st century, China's neighborhood has seen much disquiet. The temperature has risen over territorial disputes and maritime jurisdiction -- issues which had lain dormant for years. What has happened? 
On April 10th, 2012, a Philippine navy ship sent armed men into the lagoon of Huangyan Island to harass Chinese fishermen who were working there. Photos of the scene angered the people back home who called for actions to protect Chinese citizens and territory. 
The following September, the Japanese government went ahead with the so-called "nationalization" of the Diaoyu Islands, which broke the status quo of shelving the disputes for resolution at some future time. That too ignited serious demonstrations in many Chinese cities and gravely strained ties with China. 
China took effective measures in response to both provocations to firmly uphold territorial rights and interests. At the same time, China has exercised restraint and has not given up on resolving disputes through dialogue or the principle of "putting aside differences and going for joint development." We also must watch closely the true intentions and other complicating factors that may lie behind provocations.
China and ASEAN countries have had many rounds of discussions and finally reaffirmed the commitment to the Declaration on the Conduct of Parties in the South China Sea, which underpins stability in the South China Sea. We also started talks on a "code of conduct."
Free and unimpeded passage in the South China Sea is crucial for China as a major trading country. Maintaining such freedom remains one of our priorities. 
Compared with other regions in the world, Asia has remained peaceful and stable on the whole since the end of the Cold War. With no major conflicts, countries have been able to focus on economic development and cooperation. 
In this process, they have not only deepened common interests but also made Asia an engine for the global economy, contributing roughly half of global growth in recent years. 
China's good-neighborly policies over these years have played an important role in this process.
THE ASEAN WAY 
One priority of China's Asia policy going forward is to support and join in the framework of dialogue and cooperation initiated by ASEAN, which fosters the principles of openness, inclusiveness, consensus building and accommodating each party's comfort level. This is known as the ASEAN Way.
This seemingly loose regional architecture led by ASEAN has provided a major integrating network that brought Asia together in the post-Cold War order.
China supports ASEAN centrality in East Asia cooperation, which now is an important component of the Asian order. 
Parallel to this architecture is the bilateral military alliances led by the U.S., which is a legacy of the Cold War. How these alliances renew and reinvent themselves is being watched closely. 
The "rebalance strategy" pursued by the U.S. in recent years exhibits a heavy military focus and has given rise to new debate.
THE TROUBLE WITH MILITARY ALLIANCES
First, military alliances are exclusive in nature. Where do non-members come in in its security vision? How do members balance their security interests and responsibilities with those of non-members?
Second, where do alliances draw the line when it comes to principles. Do members always support their allies, be it right or wrong?
Third, how does the alignment regime interface with and accommodate the region's other multilateral frameworks?
In the case of Japan, its current leader refuses to recognize the history of aggression. He has visited the Yasukuni Shrine and denies the fact of comfort women. Furthermore, he constantly invokes the "China threat" to justify his attempt to amend the country's pacifist constitution. 
The concern among the Chinese people is that all this may be aimed at freeing Japan from  post-World War restraints in order to attain the ability to wage war again. 
As Japan's most important ally, how will the U.S. rein in this ally and keep it on a peaceful track? This will affect the future regional order in a fundamental way.  
"As Japan's most important ally, how will the U.S. rein in this ally and keep on a peaceful track? This will affect the future regional order in a fundamental way."
In the final analysis, the decisive factor for Asia is whether China and the U.S. can properly manage their relationship and cooperate on regional issues.
Leaders of the two countries have agreed to build a new type of major-country relationship. The question is how this is realized in the real world.
The first issue is whether the two countries could build up mutual trust and reduce misperceptions. The lack of trust between China and U.S., both at a strategic level and in media circles, has led to continuous misreading and misjudgment, which spoils the atmosphere and stands in the way of cooperation. 
For the U.S. side, the key lies in resisting the temptation to view China from an ideological standpoint. If this obstacle cannot be removed, bilateral ties are likely to be affected by ups and downs from time to time.
The second is whether the two countries can learn to respect each other's interests and concerns. To the Chinese people, the U.S. seems to prefer choosing to stand on the opposing side on almost any issue that involves China's interest.
For instance, when China faces provocations from its neighbors, the U.S. has pointed fingers at China regardless of facts. By doing so, the U.S. has reinforced its negative image among the Chinese public. 
To change that, the two countries could exhibit a more positive tone and conduct more visible cooperation in such areas as climate change, counterterrorism, curbing pandemics and cyber security. 
Both countries need a prosperous and stable Asia. We should identify areas where we agree and work on them. In areas where we can't agree, let's put aside differences for further discussion. 
We should state together our support for the multilateral frameworks led by ASEAN and leave little room for regional countries to worry about China-U.S. conflict or to take sides. 
On the part of China, we should carefully consider how our actions might affect our neighbors. We should explain ourselves more proactively -- to make our voice better heard -- so that the outside world can have a more timely and objective understanding of our thinking and intentions. 
Fourth, how do the Chinese people see their country's role in the world and its international responsibilities? Should China share global responsibility with the United States? 
The world today is constantly troubled by conflicts in different regions. The Ukraine issue has not yet cooled down and the temperature continues to rise in the Middle East. China is perceived as not playing a sufficient role or even as shirking responsibilities. 
In China, people see that most of the world's problem started from the wrong foot and then led to a mess. The easiest way to resolve an issue it to stop the fighting and find a compromise among the parties concerned.
"China may join in discussions about hotspot issues with the aim of seeking a peaceful solution, but it will not turn into a party involved in the conflict or take steps that make the problem worse."
It is a widely held belief in China that countries should not interfere in each other's internal affairs. So China may join in discussions about hotspot issues with the aim of seeking a peaceful solution, but it will not turn into a party involved in the conflict or take steps that make the problem worse. 
How about China's global responsibility? 
First and foremost, as a country accounting for one fifth of the world population, growing prosperous and staying stable in itself is a very important contribution of China to the world. 
As for world security issues, China has offered good offices on the Korean nuclear issue and promoted stability in Afghanistan. We are also parties to many of the negotiations concerning regional and world security. However, China does not see itself as having an overriding power over other countries. Our view is this: should there be the need for international involvement, the opinion of the country concerned and the regional view must come first and the U.N.'s authorization cannot be circumvented.
Chinese President Xi Jinping has elaborated on the concept of Asian security, which promotes common, comprehensive, cooperative and sustainable security. That's a crystallization of China's security thinking, and it also goes along with the general thinking in Asia. 
CHINA AND GLOBAL PUBLIC GOODS
It is also important that China provides more public goods as its ability grows. For example, since 2008, the Chinese Navy has sent 45 ships to the pirate-ridden Gulf of Aden for escort missions, and half of the ships they helped were non-Chinese. 
China has actively participated in international cooperation in disaster relief, combating transnational crimes and maritime security. China now ranks the first among developing countries in terms of peacekeeping assessment at the U.N., and it is the biggest contributor of peacekeepers among the Permanent 5 members of the Security Council. 
China also strives to share anti-poverty experiences with African and other developing countries. Chinese medical personnel are at the forefront fighting the deadly Ebola virus and more assistance and resources have been sent from China in recent weeks.
Asia is the key area for China's international cooperation. China's initiatives to develop the Silk Road economic belt and maritime Silk Road are aimed at expanding connectivity and promoting common development. It combines China's advantage and the regional needs. 
This modern Silk Road is not a closed or exclusive arrangement. We welcome more participation by countries, including the United States.
"This modern Silk Road is not a closed or exclusive arrangement. We welcome more participation by countries, including the United States."
When the U.S. judges China or other countries about their role in the world, it often prefers for others to just "follow me" or "do for me." This approach does not go down well with the Chinese people.
On the other hand, in China, we also need to fully understand and appreciate our country's new position in the world and grow into this new role. 
The direction to go is for the Chinese and Americans to try to understand and appreciate each other's views and positions better. That is indispensable should the two countries want to work closely and effectively on world strategic issues.
This comment is adapted from remarks by Fu Ying at the Asia Society Dialogue on October 12, 2014.
9.
url:http://www.huffingtonpost.com/akshan-dealwis/the-new-silk-road-a-true-_b_6400992.html
title:The New Silk Road: A True "Win-Win" or a Perilous Future?
author:Akshan deAlwis
time:03/02/2015  5:59 am EST
content:Walt Whitman described the locomotive as the "pulse of the continent." If his comparison holds true, then Thailand is about to get its first real bloodline to the rest of Asia. All thanks to China.
This December 19, Thai Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha signed a memorandum of understanding with Chinese President Xi Jinping, approving of a massive railway project spanning the width of Thailand.
South East Asia is criss-crossed with over five hundred thousand miles of highways. However, there are only a paltry 12,000 miles of railway lines connecting the region. There have been numerous projects to expand the network during the 21st century, but progress has been slow -- the length of rail has only increased by 10 percent, while highways have grown by 34 percent. The existing lines have their own set of problems. Thailand's tracks are rickety, poorly run, and ultimately behind the times.
China has now stepped in and finalized a new gargantuan effort to modernize the transportation system of Thailand. The project is two-fold. One line will stretch 456 miles from the northern border of the Nong Khai province to the shores of the Map Ta Phut port in the Rayong province, and the other will connect the center of Thailand with Bangkok.
The $10.6 billion dollar project is just a preliminary step in China's new outreach to the Greater Mekong Subregion. The plan is a part of China's desire to create a new "Silk Road," connecting all of South Asia, from Laos and Thailand, to even India and Pakistan.
Over the past decade, a new phrase has entered the Chinese diplomatic lexicon: "high-speed railway diplomacy" (高铁外交). China has mastered high-speed railway (HSR) technology at a frantic rate, and now is looking to use its nascent capacity to its advantage in the diplomatic sphere.
China has reached out throughout Asia, armed with billions of dollars in funds and the promise of economic rejuvenation through the brimming veins of China's HSR. The cash has followed freely, and the takers have been numerous. Close to $40 billion dollars worth of infrastructure deals have been hammered out in Central Asia alone, with many of the Eurasian nations questioning their loyalty to Russia with China knocking. Even Afghanistan has indicated willingness to be a part of this grand scheme, with Afghan President Ashraf Ghani lending his support during his visit to China.
However, the new Silk Road isn't limited to just railways. China envisions the project as something much larger. Just one month after announcing the "Silk Road Economic Belt,"  Xi Jinping explained his desire for a "Maritime Silk Road" during a speech to the Indonesian Parliament. While the details of the initiative remain inchoate, some significant investments have already been made. Over $1.4 billion has been spent in Sri Lanka, developing a state-of-the-art port for Chinese ships. The Maldives and Bangladesh are up next, with China energetically increasing its presence in the Bay of Bengal.
With the old superpowers of the world, the United States and Russia, in periods of economic recession, it's easy to see why so many countries have bought into China's new future. The smaller economic partners like Maldives and many Eurasian nations are rearing to acquire Chinese assistance in developing much-need infrastructure. Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Hong Lei succinctly explained the motivations of many of China's new partners: "A place needs to have well-functioning roads before it can get rich."
For China, however, this "Silk Road 2.0" is not just a method for speedy transportation. It's a prime opportunity to expand Chinese influence, and open up China's diplomatic sphere. Relationships have been tense with many ASEAN nations thanks to numerous South China Sea disputes, but with the Silk Road initiative China seems to have found a solution that mollifies the typical belligerence. India has ordinarily dominated the Bay of Bengal, but with these new commerce opportunities Beijing has cracked this monopoly. China has metamorphosed in the eyes of much of Asia: from a looming threat, to a friendly patron.
But it's not just soft power where China stands to gain with the "Silk Road." On a purely trade level, China is positioning itself to capitalize on an entire continent. Want China Times estimates that the "Silk Road Economic Belt" will be worth an astonishing $21.1 trillion. At the same time, China hopes that their HSR will allow for fluid and simple currency exchange. China's state-owned Xinhua News Agency notes that the yuan is becoming more and more popular in nations like "Mongolia, Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan, Vietnam, and Thailand." Perhaps we will see a future where all of Asia uses the renminbi and lex monetae is eroded.
"High-speed railway Diplomacy" is not the only popular neologism in Chinese diplomatic jargon  -- "win-win" has become one of the most fashionable terms in diplomatic lingo. The Silk Road is being marketed as the world's first major "win-win." 
The truth behind this blandishment is yet to be fully realized. While many world leaders are lining up to accept China's help, almost all of them are aware of the potential for this Chinese presence to smother local economies. Opening up fragile national economies to the production powerhouse that is China is a dangerous proposition. Nations like Kazakhstan felt major repercussions from increased economic cooperation with a sanction-weakened Russia; only the future can tell how the rest of Eurasia will fair with an open door into a economic giant.
In the case of Thailand, the questions are even more pressing. Over a million migrant workers flow through Thailand's borders every year, mainly from Burma and Cambodia. Bringing in Chinese labor, a precedent set with Chinese projects in Sri Lanka, would be completely unheard of in Thailand. Thai railway tracks are also of a different gauge than modern Chinese ones. The work will be extensive and arduous, but none of these issues of connectivity factor into both nation's plans.
Some also fear that China's ambitions range beyond simply economic. While the Chinese ports in Sri Lanka were sold to the people as purely mercantile in nature, the Sri Lankan government was unable to hide two visits in October and September by Chinese military submarines. While China has every right to protect its maritime investments, its continual presence will have a major impact on the balance of security in the Indian Ocean. This new found military relationship does cast a slight shadow on China's stately claims of economic cooperation.
However, China's "High-speed railway Diplomacy" may not be as successful as Chinese diplomats hope to believe. A deep undercurrent of distrust flows beneath many of China's new negotiations. In many Asian countries, while the governmental leaders shake hands with Chinese officials, the populous harbor misgivings about their new patrons.
In my travels to Asia, I've found that many are wary of the Chinese. In Burma, the people despise the Chinese businesses and feel that Chinese imports are suffocating the local economy. In Sri Lanka, my home country, there is significant ire surrounding Chinese military presence, and hopefully some of that indignation will become visible in the upcoming elections. A lot of it comes down to national pride -- no nation wants to feel like its become the vassal state of the local hegemony. In countries like Sri Lanka, where politicians have played on nationalism for decades, a strange equilibrium has developed where governments denounce the influence of the dominating West while accepting the money and resources of China. 
The dominion of China in South Asia is not yet confirmed. While China will be handling the two new rail projects in Thailand, the Thai government is reaching out to Japan to help modernize the entirety of its railway system. In the Indian subcontinent, the belief is that some nations are courting China in order to spark a reaction from India, hopefully drawing more funding and diplomatic support than normal. It's no coincidence that during 2014 Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi has been hastily reaching out to India's neighbors and building stronger regional connections.
It's difficult to say what the future holds for China's new "Silk Road." The embryonic plans for China's "Silk Road" have existed for years. It's only now that large parts of this initiative are being actualized. The dream is that China will help finance a new Asian economic revolution in nations that have lagged behind the boom of the Four Asian Tigers. The more pragmatic reality is that much of Asia is being slowly converted into China's backyard, all in the name of progress. 
Lets hope that the "Silk Road" is something more than neo-colonial ambitions.
10.
url:http://www.huffingtonpost.com/lhm-ling/what-ebola-tells-us-about_b_6018438.html
title:What Ebola Tells Us About Ferguson and ISIS
author:L.H.M. Ling
time:12/21/2014  5:59 am EST
content:What does Ebola have to do with Ferguson and ISIS? Plenty. All three crises demonstrate the futility of erecting borders, literally and figuratively. Like a virus, animus of any kind -- whether based on race or politics or simply emotion -- can spread like wildfire. Divisions of "us" vs "them" are not just ineffective, they can also jeopardize our survival on this planet. We need an alternative way to think and be, act and relate with Others in the world. For this, we need the ancient Silk Roads (1st-15th centuries AD) and its ethos of difference without alienation.
Let me clarify: I am not politicizing the issue, as some have.  At the House hearing on the Ebola virus on October 16, for example, U.S. Senator Ron Johnson (R-Wisconsin) raised the spectre of ISIS members infecting themselves and traveling to the U.S. to spread the plague. Senator Johnson ignores an obvious fact: unlike kamikaze war planes from WWII Japan, there is no guarantee that the Ebola virus will stay contained to the perpetrator; once infected, and without strict protocols, carriers can pass on the virus to comrades and families alike. Nor am I succumbing to the call from governors like Scott Walker (R-Wisconsin) and Rick Perry (R-Texas) to ban all travel from West Africa. People desperate to leave will find a way -- and without being monitored for fever and other symptoms as they are now at international ports of call. Neither do I follow US Senator Rand Paul (R-Kentucky) in questioning whether the National Institutes of Health (NIH) have done their job properly.
Instead, I'm highlighting something more profound and enduring. The triple whammy of Ebola-Ferguson-ISIS exposes a crisis in our thinking about borders and boundaries, our treatment of relations between Self and Other. Common attitudes about the crises include:
"Ebola comes from Africa. Other than prevention, it has nothing to do with us." 
"Ferguson concerns race relations in Missouri, not the rest of American society." 
"ISIS is a foreign policy threat in the Middle East. It bears no relation to U.S. domestic politics."
Where connections are made, these seek to prevent what's happening to others "out there" from spilling over to us "in here." Only now, when Ebola has reached the U.S., does public attention turn to long-term investments in Africa's public health system.  The race riots of Newark and Detroit in 1967 and Los Angeles in 1992 are recalled primarily to consider whether similar tactics - i.e., deploying the National Guard -- should be applied to Ferguson today. And the threat of ISIS seems to justify America's drone policy, no matter how many civilians are killed. Security becomes the goal -- especially from that which seems wild, strange, and unusual.
The problem is: control is not possible. In fact, history shows that control always eludes, whether it involves pandemics, race relations, or the rise of anti-Western, anti-imperialist militants. No imperial power like Rome or China or England could keep up its walls. Nor, for that matter, has religion or ideology or science.
We have alternatives. Borders and boundaries need not stay fixed, divisive, and exclusive. The Self is not always pitted against the Other. Again, history is instructive.
The ancient Silk Roads (there wasn't just one) linked the Indian Ocean with the Mediterranean, Somalia with China, and Venice with Java. But the Roads presented more than a strip of geography, or a system of barter and trade, from long ago, far away. They also produced a way of living in the present with a world richly populated by multiplicity and complexity, exchanges and flows -- of languages and religions and goods -- despite conflicts and contestations. The Roads brought together merchants, pilgrims, monks, soldiers, and nomads, not to mention princesses, nuns, shamans, scribes, and settlers. The long, arduous, scenic, adventurous, death-stricken, awe-inspiring routes mandated interdependence, and perhaps reverence for wisdom and insight, learning from the signs and the esoteric, and a basic degree of humility and adaptability that offers a non-individualistic, non-predatory approach to life.
A distinct ethos evolved. Difference without alienation meant more than "tolerance" for differences in race/ethnicity, tribe, language, religion, lifestyle, worldview. The Silk Road ethos built on difference as a source of learning, circulation, and co-creativity. Archeological evidence reveals the intimacy of such transcendence in that final act of mortality: burial of the dead. Tomb paintings exhibit a range of aesthetic integrations, such as a pair of boots from Uzbekistan under a tunic from India worn by a face from China riding a horse from Persia. Difference did not lead to fixations on borders and boundaries, Self vs Other. Instead, difference redefined what it meant to be.
Some contest this representation of the Silk Roads. Emperors and kings, khans and sheiks warred over the Roads as much as any lucrative, commercial route today. Others caution against any talk of the Silk Roads, especially in light of the Chinese government's plan for a 21st-century "Silk Road Industrial Belt" and "Maritime Silk Road." The U.S. State Department also has a "New Silk Road" policy to assimilate states like Afghanistan and, by implication Pakistan, Iraq, and Iran, into Central Asia and Europe.
I do not dispute these claims. My focus is elsewhere: the ordinary folks who lived, travelled, and died on the Roads, not the ruling elites; an historical precedent in social relations, not geopolitics; and the circulations of learning, not hegemony. In brief, the ancients from the Silk Roads have much to teach us about what it takes to live -- and live well -- in today's complex, multicultural, and globalized world.
Overcoming bordered thinking will help with Ebola-Ferguson-ISIS today and the unmaking of such crises in the future.
L.H.M. Ling teaches International Affairs at The New School where she directs the Silk Road Research Initiative (SRRI).
11.
url:http://www.huffingtonpost.com/shashi-tharoor/chinas-silk-road-revival-history_b_5983456.html
title:China's Silk Road Revival -- and the Fears It Stirs -- Are Deeply Rooted in the Country's History
author:Shashi Tharoor
time:12/14/2014  5:59 am EST
content:NEW DELHI - The phrase "Silk Road" evokes a romantic image -- half history, half myth -- of tented camel caravans winding their way across the trackless deserts and mountains of Central Asia. But the Silk Road is not just part of a fabled past; it is an important feature of China's current foreign policy.
The historical Silk Road comprised an overland and a maritime route, both of which facilitated the transfer to Europe of South and East Asian goods and ideas, from Chinese tea to inventions like paper, gunpowder and the compass, as well as cultural products like Buddhist scripture and Indian music. Likewise, the Silk Road -- primarily the overland route, which also passed through the Arab world to Europe -- gave China access to Indian astronomy, plants and herbal medicines, while introducing it to the Buddhist and Islamic faiths.
Thanks to Chinese Admiral Zheng He, who steered his naval fleet across the Indian Ocean seven times in the early fifteenth century, the Chinese wok became the favorite cooking vessel of women in the southwestern Indian state of Kerala. Chinese fishing nets still dot the waters off Kochi.
In 1411, Zheng erected a stone tablet -- translated into Chinese, Persian, and Tamil -- near the Sri Lankan coastal town of Galle, with an inscription appealing to the Hindu gods to bless his efforts to build a peaceful world based on trade and commerce. Six hundred years later, Chinese President Xi Jinping is espousing a similar goal -- only he is appealing to political leaders throughout Europe and Asia to advance his cause.
In September of last year, in a speech at Kazakhstan's Nazarbayev University, Xi announced the so-called "Silk Road Economic Belt," a new foreign-policy initiative aimed at boosting international cooperation and joint development throughout Eurasia. To guide the effort, Xi identified five specific goals: strengthening economic collaboration, improving road connectivity, promoting trade and investment, facilitating currency conversion and bolstering people-to-people exchanges.
The following month, the other shoe dropped. Xi, addressing Indonesia's Parliament, called for the re-establishment of the old sea networks to create a twenty-first century "maritime Silk Road" to foster international connectivity, scientific and environmental research and fishery activities.
Chinese Premier Li Keqiang subsequently reiterated that goal at the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit, and again at the East Asia Summit last year. Since then, the establishment of a modern overland and maritime Silk Road has become official Chinese policy, endorsed by the Communist Party and the National People's Congress.
Xi has emphasized that the goal of the Silk Road economic initiative is to revive ancient ties of friendship in the contemporary globalized world. But he undoubtedly has a domestic motive as well, rooted in the growing prosperity gap between eastern and western China.
The concentration of economic activity in the cities and special economic zones of the east has generated energy-supply and environmental constraints and bottlenecks that are hampering China's ability to achieve the sustainable, inclusive growth that it needs to attain high-income status. The government hopes that the Silk Road initiative will make China's west and southwest regions the engines of the next phase of the country's development.
Nonetheless, the initiative's international dimension remains the most relevant -- and complex. Chinese diplomats have pointed to a constellation of mechanisms and platforms built or strengthened in recent years that could help maximize its impact. These include the Shanghai Cooperation Organization; the Bangladesh-China-India-Myanmar Corridor; the China-Pakistan Economic Corridor; the Chinese-built Yuxinou Railway from Chongqing to Germany (and onward to north European ports); and the new and incipient energy corridors between China and Central Asia, as well as Myanmar.
Moreover, China has established the New Development Bank with its fellow BRICS members (Brazil, Russia, India and South Africa) and the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank -- institutions that will undoubtedly benefit from China's enormous investible surplus. Given China's prominent role in both, they could easily be used to provide financing for Silk Road-related programs.
But, though China may not struggle to finance its Silk Road ambitions, it is likely to face political resistance -- especially with regard to the maritime route. At a time when China's assertive stance in the South and East China Seas is provoking anxiety among its neighbors -- including Japan, Vietnam, the Philippines and Singapore -- the Silk Road initiative has aroused significant geopolitical apprehension.
In fact, these fears have a strong historical basis. Zheng's expeditions involved the use of military force in present-day Indonesia, Malaysia, Sri Lanka and India to install friendly rulers and control strategic choke points across the Indian Ocean. He intervened in the dynastic politics of Sri Lanka and Indonesia, abducting and executing local rulers. He even seized the relic of the tooth of Buddha, a symbol of Sri Lankan political sovereignty.
The countries along Zheng's route therefore recall his adventures not just as initiatives to promote trade and establish commercial links, but also as direct military intervention in their affairs, under the pretext of ushering in a harmonious world order under China's emperor. Reminding them of this painful past may not be entirely in China's interest.
This is not to say that the modern Silk Road would benefit only China. On the contrary, its overland and maritime routes could attract considerable investment to participating countries -- especially from China, as it seeks new avenues for deploying its vast reserves. But the modern Silk Road's establishment will also mark a step toward reinvigorating the ancient Chinese concept of tianxia, in which the Chinese emperor was considered the divinely appointed ruler of the entire known world.
Many Asians still remember Japanese efforts before and during World War II to create a "Greater East Asia Co-Prosperity Sphere" -- a self-sufficient bloc of countries, under Japan's leadership -- through conquest. Might China be on a similar -- albeit less openly aggressive -- path?
This piece also appeared on Project Syndicate.
© Project Syndicate, 2014






12.
url:http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2011/07/20/clinton-india-asia-pacific-china-_n_904233.html
title:Clinton Urges India To Expand Asia-Pacific Influence To Compete With China
author:MATTHEW LEE
time:09/19/2011  5:12 am EDT
content:CHENNAI, India — U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton on Wednesday challenged India to expand its traditional sphere of interest from South Asia to neighboring regions where it can help the United States blunt China's increasing assertiveness.
Clinton appealed for India to project its influence eastward, toward China's backyard in Southeast Asia and the Pacific Rim, as well as boost engagement in Central Asia, on China's western flank. She said the U.S. and India shared values that made them powerful partners in promoting security, democracy and development in areas into which China has made a push for dominance.
"Our interests align and our values converge," she said in a speech in India's southeastern port of Chennai, a fast-growing manufacturing hub chosen as the venue by U.S. officials who believe it is a natural jumping-off point for a greater Indian role in East Asia. With its democratic traditions, India can "inspire others to follow a similar path of openness and tolerance," Clinton said.
"India's leadership has the potential to positively shape the future of the Asia-Pacific," she said. "We think that America and India share a fundamentally similar vision for the future of this region."
Clinton announced that the Obama administration would soon launch a three-way dialogue with India and Japan, long America's chief ally in countering Chinese ambitions.
In another bid to lure Indian eyes east, the administration has decided to invite India to participate as an observer, for the first time, in the annual Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation forum that the U.S. will host in Hawaii in November, according to American officials. Membership in the group is limited to nations and economies that border the Pacific Ocean, which India does not.
Clinton was careful not to specifically identify China as the target of the effort to court India as an Asia-Pacific power. But, her comments left little doubt about U.S. intentions.
She noted that China is a major player with which both the U.S. and India have differences. India and China are uneasy neighbors that fought a war in 1962, although there have been recent improvements in the relationship. Clinton stressed that cordial relations between India, China and the United States were important.
"This will not always be easy," she said. But she added that "if we want to address, manage or solve some of the most pressing issues of the 21st century, India, China and the United States will have to coordinate our efforts."
From Chennai, Clinton travels Thursday to Indonesia for a regional security conference, where she is expected to renew U.S. concerns about Chinese aggressiveness toward its neighbors, particularly in the South China Sea, where there are numerous territorial disputes. Her comments on Wednesday set the stage for potentially uncomfortable meetings with Chinese officials in the coming days.
In Indonesia, Clinton is expected to hold talks with Chinese Foreign Minister Yang Jiechi, a discussion that some speculated Beijing might cancel in retaliation for President Barack Obama's meeting last weekend with the Dalai Lama. On Monday, Clinton plans to travel from Hong Kong to the southern Chinese mainland city of Shenzhen, where she is to see Chinese State Councilor Dai Bingguo.
Last year, Clinton raised Beijing's ire by saying that maritime security in the South China Sea, over which China claims sovereignty, was a U.S. national security interest. She made the matter a central point of her participation in the East Asia Summit hosted by Vietnam.
Obama plans to attend this year's summit in Indonesia and Clinton made a point of mentioning that Obama looks forward to meeting Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh at the event this fall.
"We want to work with India and all our friends and allies in the region to build the (summit) into the Asia-Pacific's premier forum for dealing with political and security issues, setting the priorities and vision for other regional institutions," she said.
In her speech Wednesday, Clinton said India could play an important role in helping to promote maritime security beyond its territorial waters.
"The United States has always been a Pacific power because of our very great blessing of geography, and India, straddling the waters from the Indian to Pacific oceans, is with us a steward of these waterways," she said. "We are both deeply invested in shaping the future of the rapidly changing region they connect."
Turning to Central Asia, Clinton reassured India that the United States would not abandon Afghanistan or allow it to become a haven for terrorism again, and made clear that the U.S. has a vital ongoing stake in ensuring stability in India's archrival, Pakistan. But India should play a constructive role, too, she said.
Clinton said it was in India's interest to spend time and resources on developing regional infrastructure, including pipeline, energy, road and rail projects that will boost commerce and serve as a "new silk road," referring to the famed ancient trade route. At the same time, she said it was important to eliminate archaic trade barriers to the benefit of Indian businesses.
"Helping people see regional neighbors as potential customers rather than adversaries is an important first step toward building a broad-based constituency for peace and profitable coexistence," she said.
The new silk road would help Afghanistan recover from decades of war without becoming a permanent recipient of outside aid, Clinton said. This, in turn, would improve living standards and help stamp out poverty, which is a main cause of extremism, throughout Central Asia.
Clinton admitted that the enhanced leadership role that she was asking India to play was ambitious.
"Yes, it is an ambitious agenda, but we can afford to be ambitious," she said. "This is not a time when any of us can afford to look inward at the expense of looking outward. This is a time to seize the opportunities of the 21st century and it is a time to lead."
13.
url:http://www.huffingtonpost.com/pepe-escobar/russia-china-alliance_b_5351086.html
title:The Birth of a Eurasian Century
author:Pepe Escobar
time:07/19/2014  5:59 am EDT
content:Russia and China Do Pipelineistan
Cross-posted with TomDispatch.com
HONG KONG -- A specter is haunting Washington, an unnerving vision of  a Sino-Russian alliance wedded to an expansive symbiosis of trade and  commerce across much of the Eurasian land mass -- at the expense of the  United States.
And no wonder Washington is anxious.  That alliance is already a done  deal in a variety of ways: through the BRICS group of emerging powers  (Brazil, Russia, India, China, and South Africa); at the Shanghai  Cooperation Organization, the Asian counterweight to NATO; inside the G20; and via the 120-member-nation Non-Aligned Movement (NAM). Trade and commerce are just part of the future bargain.   Synergies in the development of new military technologies beckon as  well. After Russia’s Star Wars-style, ultra-sophisticated S-500 air defense anti-missile system comes online in 2018, Beijing is sure to want a version of it. Meanwhile, Russia is about to sell dozens of state-of-the-art Sukhoi Su-35 jet fighters to the Chinese as  Beijing and Moscow move to seal an aviation-industrial partnership.
This week should provide the first real fireworks in the celebration  of a new Eurasian century-in-the-making when Russian President Vladimir  Putin drops in on Chinese President Xi Jinping in Beijing.  You remember  “Pipelineistan,”  all those crucial oil and gas pipelines crisscrossing Eurasia that make  up the true circulatory system for the life of the region.  Now, it  looks like the ultimate Pipelineistan deal, worth $1 trillion and 10  years in the making, will be inked as well.  In it, the giant,  state-controlled Russian energy giant Gazprom will agree to supply the giant state-controlled China National Petroleum  Corporation (CNPC) with 3.75 billion cubic feet of liquefied natural gas  a day for no less than 30 years, starting in 2018. That’s the  equivalent of a quarter of Russia’s massive gas exports to all of  Europe. China’s current daily gas demand is around 16 billion cubic feet  a day, and imports account for 31.6% of total consumption.
Gazprom may still collect the bulk of its profits from Europe, but Asia could turn out to be its Everest. The company will use this mega-deal to boost investment in Eastern Siberia and the whole region will be reconfigured as a privileged gas hub for Japan and South Korea as well. If you want to know why no key country in Asia has been willing to “isolate” Russia in the midst of the Ukrainian crisis -- and in defiance of the Obama administration -- look no further than Pipelineistan.
Exit the Petrodollar, Enter the Gas-o-Yuan
And then, talking about anxiety in Washington, there’s the fate of the petrodollar to consider, or rather the “thermonuclear” possibility that Moscow and Beijing will agree on payment for the Gazprom-CNPC deal not in petrodollars but in Chinese yuan. One can hardly imagine a more tectonic shift, with Pipelineistan intersecting with a growing Sino-Russian political-economic-energy partnership. Along with it goes the future possibility of a push, led again by China and Russia, toward a new international reserve currency -- actually a basket of currencies -- that would supersede the dollar (at least in the optimistic dreams of BRICS members).
Right after the potentially game-changing Sino-Russian summit comes a BRICS summit in Brazil in July. That’s when a $100 billion BRICS development bank, announced in 2012, will officially be born as a potential alternative to the International Monetary Fund (IMF) and the World Bank as a source of project financing for the developing world.
More BRICS cooperation meant to bypass the dollar is reflected in the “Gas-o-yuan,” as in natural gas bought and paid for in Chinese currency. Gazprom is even considering marketing bonds in yuan as part of the financial planning for its expansion. Yuan-backed bonds are already trading in Hong Kong, Singapore, London, and most recently Frankfurt.
Nothing could be more sensible for the new Pipelineistan deal than to have it settled in yuan. Beijing would pay Gazprom in that currency (convertible into rubles); Gazprom would accumulate the yuan; and Russia would then buy myriad made-in-China goods and services in yuan convertible into rubles.
It’s common knowledge that banks in Hong Kong, from Standard Chartered to HSBC -- as well as others closely linked to China via trade deals -- have been diversifying into the yuan, which implies that it could become one of the de facto global reserve currencies even before it’s fully convertible. (Beijing is unofficially working for a fully convertible yuan by 2018.)
The Russia-China gas deal is inextricably tied up with the energy relationship between the European Union (EU) and Russia. After all, the bulk of Russia’s gross domestic product comes from oil and gas sales, as does much of its leverage in the Ukraine crisis. In turn, Germany depends on Russia for a hefty 30% of its natural gas supplies. Yet Washington’s geopolitical imperatives -- spiced up with Polish hysteria -- have meant pushing Brussels to find ways to “punish” Moscow in the future energy sphere (while not imperiling present day energy relationships).
There’s a consistent rumble in Brussels these days about the possible cancellation of the projected 16 billion euro South Stream pipeline, whose construction is to start in June.  On completion, it would pump yet more Russian natural gas to Europe -- in this case, underneath the Black Sea (bypassing Ukraine) to Bulgaria, Hungary, Slovenia, Serbia, Croatia, Greece, Italy, and Austria.
Bulgaria, Hungary, and the Czech Republic have already made it clear that they are firmly opposed to any cancellation.  And cancellation is probably not in the cards.  After all, the only obvious alternative is Caspian Sea gas from Azerbaijan, and that isn’t likely to happen unless the EU can suddenly muster the will and funds for a crash schedule to construct the fabled Baku-Tblisi-Ceyhan (BTC) oil pipeline, conceived during the Clinton years expressly to bypass Russia and Iran.
In any case, Azerbaijan doesn’t have enough capacity to supply the levels of natural gas needed, and other actors like Kazakhstan, plagued with infrastructure problems, or unreliable Turkmenistan, which prefers to sell its gas to China, are already largely out of the picture. And don’t forget that South Stream, coupled with subsidiary energy projects, will create a lot of jobs and investment in many of the most economically devastated EU nations.
Nonetheless, such EU threats, however unrealistic, only serve to accelerate Russia’s increasing symbiosis with Asian markets. For Beijing especially, it’s a win-win situation. After all, between energy supplied across seas policed and controlled by the U.S. Navy and steady, stable land routes out of Siberia, it’s no contest.
Pick Your Own Silk Road
Of course, the U.S. dollar remains the top global reserve currency, involving 33% of global foreign exchange holdings at the end of 2013, according to the IMF. It was, however, at 55% in 2000. Nobody knows the percentage in yuan (and Beijing isn’t talking), but the IMF notes that reserves in “other currencies” in emerging markets have been up 400% since 2003.
The Fed is arguably monetizing 70% of the U.S. government debt in an attempt to keep interest rates from heading skywards. Pentagon adviser Jim Rickards, as well as every Hong Kong-based banker, tends to believe that the Fed is bust (though they won’t say it on the record). No one can even imagine the extent of the possible future deluge the U.S. dollar might experience amid a $1.4 trillion Mount Ararat of financial derivatives.  Don’t think that this is the death knell of Western capitalism, however, just the faltering of that reigning economic faith, neoliberalism, still the official ideology of the United States, the overwhelming majority of the European Union, and parts of Asia and South America.
As far as what might be called the “authoritarian neoliberalism” of the Middle Kingdom, what’s not to like at the moment? China has proven that there is a result-oriented alternative to the Western “democratic” capitalist model for nations aiming to be successful. It’s building not one, but myriad new Silk Roads, massive webs of high-speed railways, highways, pipelines, ports, and fiber optic networks across huge parts of Eurasia. These include a Southeast Asian road, a Central Asian road, an Indian Ocean “maritime highway” and even a high-speed rail line through Iran and Turkey reaching all the way to Germany.
In April, when President Xi Jinping visited the city of Duisburg on the Rhine River, with the largest inland harbor in the world and right in the heartland of Germany’s Ruhr steel industry, he made an audacious proposal: a new “economic Silk Road” should be built between China and Europe, on the basis of the Chongqing-Xinjiang-Europe railway, which already runs from China to Kazakhstan, then through Russia, Belarus, Poland, and finally Germany. That’s 15 days by train, 20 less than for cargo ships sailing from China’s eastern seaboard. Now that would represent the ultimate geopolitical earthquake in terms of integrating economic growth across Eurasia.
Keep in mind that, if no bubbles burst, China is about to become -- and remain -- the number one global economic power, a position it enjoyed for 18 of the past 20 centuries. But don’t tell London hagiographers; they still believe that U.S. hegemony will last, well, forever.
Take Me to Cold War 2.0
Despite recent serious financial struggles, the BRICS countries have been consciously working to become a counterforce to the original and -- having tossed Russia out in March -- once again Group of 7, or G7. They are eager to create a new global architecture to replace the one first imposed in the wake of World War II, and they see themselves as a potential challenge to the exceptionalist and unipolar world that Washington imagines for our future (with itself as the global robocop and NATO as its robo-police force). Historian and imperialist cheerleader Ian Morris, in his book War! What is it Good For?, defines the U.S. as the ultimate “globocop” and “the last best hope of Earth.” If that globocop “wearies of its role,” he writes, “there is no plan B.”     
Well, there is a plan BRICS -- or so the BRICS nations would like to think, at least. And when the BRICS do act in this spirit on the global stage, they quickly conjure up a curious mix of fear, hysteria, and pugnaciousness in the Washington establishment. Take Christopher Hill as an example. The former assistant secretary of state for East Asia and U.S. ambassador to Iraq is now an advisor with the Albright Stonebridge Group, a consulting firm deeply connected to the White House and the State Department. When Russia was down and out, Hill used to dream of a hegemonic American “new world order.”  Now that the ungrateful Russians have spurned what “the West has been offering” -- that is, “special status with NATO, a privileged relationship with the European Union, and partnership in international diplomatic endeavors” -- they are, in his view, busy trying to revive the Soviet empire. Translation: if you’re not our vassals, you’re against us.  Welcome to Cold War 2.0.   
The Pentagon has its own version of this directed not so much at Russia as at China, which, its think tank on future warfare claims, is already at war with Washington in a number of ways. So if it’s not apocalypse now, it’s Armageddon tomorrow. And it goes without saying that whatever’s going wrong, as the Obama administration very publicly “pivots” to Asia and the American media fills with talk about a revival of Cold War-era “containment policy” in the Pacific, it’s all China’s fault.
Embedded in the mad dash toward Cold War 2.0 are some ludicrous facts-on-the-ground: the U.S. government, with $17.5 trillion in national debt and counting, is contemplating a financial showdown with Russia, the largest global energy producer and a major nuclear power, just as it’s also promoting an economically unsustainable military encirclement of its largest creditor, China.
Russia runs a sizeable trade surplus. Humongous Chinese banks will have no trouble helping Russian banks out if Western funds dry up. In terms of inter-BRICS cooperation, few projects beat a $30 billion oil pipeline in the planning stages that will stretch from Russia to India via Northwest China. Chinese companies are already eagerly discussing the possibility of 
